{"http://www.marketwatch.com/story/jpmorgan-chase-makes-350-million-global-investment-in-the-future-of-work-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 5:00 a.m. ET", "article": "JPMorgan Chase today announced a $350 million, five-year global initiative to prepare for the future of work and meet the growing demand for skilled workers. Building on the firm\u2019s original, five year $250 million commitment in 2013, this New Skills at Work investment will provide substantial support to community college and other non-traditional career pathway programs.New Skills at Work focuses on creating economic mobility and career pathways for underserved populations, and, for the first time, will help forecast emerging skillsets for JPMorgan Chase employees and proactively develop new training programs to prepare the firm\u2019s workforce for changes in technology and business.\u201cThe new world of work is about skills, not necessarily degrees,\u201d said Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO, JPMorgan Chase & Co. \u201cUnfortunately, too many people are stuck in low-skill jobs that have no future and too many businesses cannot find the skilled workers they need. We must remove the stigma of a community college and career education, look for opportunities to upskill or reskill workers, and give those who have been left behind the chance to compete for well-paying careers today and tomorrow.\u201dThe $350 million initiative will focus on two key approaches to ensure high-quality education and job training programs help more people and reach more communities.1. Creating economic opportunity and career mobility2. Identifying and forecasting future workplace skills at JPMorgan ChaseCreating Economic Mobility for Underserved PopulationsNew Skills at Work will focus on workforce training and career readiness for individuals whose barriers to opportunity are particularly severe and who are shut out of the rewards of a growing and changing economy.Job Training for the Future of WorkA rapidly changing economy requires foundational, digital and industry-specific technical skills in order to access good jobs. According to some estimates, by 2030, more than 30 percent of the U.S. labor market and 375 million workers globally will need to change jobs or upgrade their skills significantly to continue to advance within the workforce. JPMorgan Chase will make philanthropic investments in local education and job training programs that are proven to help more people, such as women, people of color, veterans, and returning citizens, secure in-demand, good jobs. This investment will test new innovations and lift up the programs that are most effective at helping workers obtain skills for tech-enabled careers in growing industries such as information technology, health care and advanced manufacturing.Community Colleges & Other Education InstitutionsThese investments will scale programs where educators and business leaders work together to better align education with the skills, credentials and competencies demanded by the careers of today and tomorrow. Specifically, the firm will make new investments in community colleges, which serve more than one third of undergraduate students today and are the largest job training providers in most U.S. communities.Over the past five years, the firm has made $50 million in philanthropic investments to support community colleges in building the infrastructure to more effectively collaborate with industry and design curricula aligned with the jobs of the future. Leading examples include efforts at Columbus State Community College, Dallas County Community College District and Northern Virginia Community College. For example, in the Greater Washington region, the Greater Washington Partnership\u2019s Capital CoLAB is a first-of-its-kind partnership which brings together university and business leaders to design credentials for the digital skills that are most in demand.JPMorgan Chase will also partner with the Aspen Institute\u2019s College Excellence Program to build the next generation of diverse community college leaders. With JPMorgan Chase funding over the next three years, the Aspen Institute will recruit and select almost 200 current, aspiring or recently appointed diverse community college presidents to help them develop curriculum, improve community college graduation rates and post-graduation success in securing good jobs, and share best practices with other leaders.Data Driven SolutionsThrough a new collaboration with PolicyLink and the National Fund for Workforce Solutions, JPMorgan Chase will support the production of tailored workforce data profiles in ten U.S. cities to identify opportunities to promote economic mobility and job training for disadvantaged populations. This research, along with similar efforts around the world, will identify gaps in education and economic outcomes by population, identify drivers of inequity, and develop a set of policy and programmatic recommendations to design education and training systems that advance inclusive economic growth.These analyses and others will support smart policy solutions grounded in data. For example, black and Hispanic men are six and two and a half times more likely, respectively, to be in prison than white men. When they do return from prison, more than 60 percent are unemployed one year after being released, according to The Sentencing Project. The firm has proposed ideas and made philanthropic investments that help the approximately 20 million Americans who have been convicted of a felony become eligible for more jobs. This includes reducing regulatory barriers that prevent banks from hiring more returning citizens who have minor and dated convictions.Preparing JPMorgan Chase\u2019s Global Workforce for the Future of WorkTechnology development is changing the nature of work with new skills and roles required to meet the demands of business, customers, and communities. Collaborating with the Massachusetts Institute for Technology, the firm will lead an effort to further identify and forecast where opportunity exists to better align skills with key roles, especially those that are technology focused. The initiative will also increase mobility for workers and identify opportunities for upskilling or reskilling. This approach will also be shared with employers in other industries as they address the future of work.\u201cBuilding a future-ready workforce is a key priority,\u201d said Robin Leopold, Head of Human Resources, JPMorgan Chase. \u201cThat is why we are proactively identifying the skills we need and understanding the skills and education our employees have. We know that approximately 75 percent of the U.S. roles we posted in 2018 did not require a college degree. We continue to provide our employees with good wages and benefits, and are investing further in their continued skills training and education so that they can continue to grow their careers with us.\u201dSpecifically, MIT\u2019s Initiative on the Digital Economy will work with the firm to help consider anticipated impacts of technologies such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, and robotics on the global economy, and the evolution of work in the future to identify the skills and jobs that will complement new technologies.\u201cOur aim is to provide a detailed understanding of how technologies including AI are transforming jobs, skills, and the workforce,\u201d said Professor Erik Brynjolfsson, Director, MIT Initiative on the Digital Economy. \u201cWe\u2019re excited to work with JPMorgan Chase and to continue our research on the impact of digital technologies in financial services.\u201dThis builds on the firm\u2019s existing efforts to support its employees including wage increases to between $15-18/hour for branch and customer service employees and $250 million annual investments in workforce training including more than a dozen existing technology apprenticeships, boot camps and learning programs.Some of JPMorgan Chase\u2019s latest technology-focused training programs, which provide current and future employees with software and infrastructure engineering, cyber security, and data analytics skills, include:Five-Year History of Investing in Jobs and Skills TrainingFive years ago, JPMorgan Chase invested $250 million through New Skills at Work to provide access to middle-skills jobs for people who had a high school degree but lacked a four-year college degree. JPMorgan Chase developed and scaled innovative workforce solutions that helped nearly 150,000 individuals in 37 countries, 30 states, 81 cities and the District of Columbia gain the skills they need to compete for good jobs.\u201cPreparing America\u2019s workforce to meet the demands of a changing economy is both an ambitious and an urgent challenge,\u201d said Jennie Sparandara, Head of Workforce Initiatives, JPMorgan Chase. \u201cThrough this effort, we\u2019re supporting workforce solutions for thousands of people across the world by testing and scaling the smartest innovations to help those most at risk of falling behind.\u201dThis effort helped adults and youth acquire the skills they needed to access good jobs and economic opportunity while helping employers build a pipeline of skilled workers needed to grow their businesses. Some highlights include:JPMorgan Chase\u2019s original New Skills at Work investment supported 738 partners around the globe to improve workforce systems by providing increased access to job training and career pathways, collecting better labor market analysis and promoting industry and employer collaboration.About JPMorganChase & Co.JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.48% is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of customers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190318005022/en/SOURCE: JPMorgan Chase & Co.Media Contact: Stephanie Bosh\nstephanie.a.bosh@jpmorgan.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "JPMorgan Chase Makes $350 Million Global Investment in the Future of Work"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/worldwide-video-editing-software-market-forecasts-2019-2024---adobe-magix-cyberlink-corel-apple-are-leading---researchandmarketscom-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 2:13 p.m. ET", "article": "The \"Video Editing Software Market - Forecasts from 2019 to 2024\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The video editing software market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 11.4% to reach US$9.280 billion by 2024, from US$4.855 billion in 2018.The demand for video editing software will grow on account of the thriving entertainment industry and increasing social media penetration. Moreover, the increasing popularity of online streaming services will snowball the demand for video editing software for both personal and professional use.The use of high-quality cameras, especially in smartphones, has led to a further increase in the demand for these type of software. However, piracy concerns regarding the video editing software will restrain the demand for video editing software over the forecasted period.This research study examines the current market trends related to the demand, supply, and sales, in addition to the recent developments. Major drivers, restraints, and opportunities have been covered to provide an exhaustive picture of the market.The analysis presents in-depth information regarding the development, trends, and industry policies and regulations implemented in each of the geographical regions.Further, the overall regulatory framework of the market has been exhaustively covered to offer stakeholders a better understanding of the key factors affecting the overall market environment.Identification of key industry players in the industry and their revenue contribution to the overall business or relevant segment aligned to the study have been covered as a part of competitive intelligence done through extensive secondary research.Major industry players profiled as part of the report are Adobe, Magix, CyberLink Corporation, Corel Corporation, Apple, among others.Key Topics Covered1. Introduction1.1. Market Overview1.2. Market Definition1.3. Scope of the Study1.4. Currency1.5. Assumptions1.6. Base and Forecast Years Timeline2. Research Methodology2.1. Research Design2.2. Secondary Sources3. Executive Summary4. Market Dynamics4.1. Market Segmentation4.2. Market Drivers4.3. Market Restraints4.4. Market Opportunities4.5. Porter's Five Force Analysis4.6. Life Cycle Analysis - Regional Snapshot4.7. Market Attractiveness5. Video Editing Software Market by Platform5.1. Personal Computers and Laptops5.2. Smartphones and Tablets6. Video Editing Software Market by Application6.1. Personal6.2. Commercial7. Video Editing Software Market by Geography7.1. North America7.1.1. USA7.1.2. Canada7.1.3. Mexico7.1.4. Others7.2. South America7.2.1. Brazil7.2.2. Argentina7.2.3. Others7.3. Europe7.3.1. Germany7.3.2. France7.3.3. United Kingdom7.3.4. Spain7.3.5. Others7.4. Middle East and Africa7.4.1. Saudi Arabia7.4.2. Israel7.4.3. Others7.5. Asia Pacific7.5.1. China7.5.2. Japan7.5.3. South Korea7.5.4. India7.5.5. Others8. Competitive Intelligence8.1. Competition and Offerings Analysis of Key Vendors8.2. Recent Investment and Deals8.3. Strategies of Key Players9. Company Profiles9.1. Adobe9.2. Magix9.3. Cyberlink Corporation9.4. Corel Corporation9.5. Apple Inc.9.6. Editshare Emea9.7. Avid Technology Inc.9.8. Nero AG9.9. Fxhome Limited9.10. WondershareFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/sxws27/worldwide_video?w=4View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005706/en/SOURCE: Research and MarketsResearchAndMarkets.com\nLaura Wood, Senior Press Manager\npress@researchandmarkets.com\nFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470\nFor U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630\nFor GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900\nRelated Topics: SoftwareCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Worldwide Video Editing Software Market Forecasts, 2019-2024 - Adobe, Magix, CyberLink, Corel, Apple are Leading - ResearchAndMarkets.com"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-the-sp-500-needs-to-hold-this-key-level-or-risk-plunging-10-2019-03-26-9103015": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Our call of the day from Adam Kobeissi, founder and editor in chief of The Kobeissi Newsletter, says the S&P 500 may be wide open for a 7% to 10% fall after failing to hold a big technical support level. See full story.Apple Inc.\u2019s celebrity-laden product launch Monday unveiled new services for reading news, playing videogames, watching TV shows and a new credit card to pay for all of it, but left too many questions for excitement from consumers or investors. See full story.A Republican senator on Monday took to the Senate floor to discuss what\u2019s bothering him. See full story.Boeing must immediately change its strategy from passive and closed to active and open. See full story.Many older Americans are in severe financial distress, struggling to find a full-time job and make ends meet. See full story.Turn to an adviser for help with when to take Social Security, what\u2019s the most efficient way to tap your retirement savings and how to pay for long-term care. See full story.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Why the S&P 500 needs to hold this key level or risk plunging 10%"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/las-vegas-sands-to-participate-in-the-2019-jp-morgan-gaming-lodging-restaurant-leisure-management-access-forum-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 4:05 p.m. ET", "article": "LAS VEGAS, March 14, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Las Vegas Sands LVS, -0.70% will participate in the J.P. Morgan Gaming, Lodging, Restaurant & Leisure Management Access Forum in Las Vegas, NV on Thursday, March 14, 2019. Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President Investor Relations, will participate in a discussion which is scheduled to begin at approximately 4:05 p.m. Pacific Time (7:05 p.m. Eastern Time).A webcast of the discussion may be accessed at the Investor Relations section of the company's website at www.sands.com.  About Las Vegas Sands Corp LVS, -0.70%Las Vegas Sands is the world's pre-eminent developer and operator of world-class Integrated Resorts. We deliver unrivaled economic benefits to the communities in which we operate.LVS created the meetings, incentives, convention and exhibition (MICE)-based Integrated Resort. Our industry-leading Integrated Resorts provide substantial contributions to our host communities including growth in leisure and business tourism, sustained job creation and ongoing financial opportunities for local small and medium-sized businesses.Our properties include The Venetian and The Palazzo resorts and Sands Expo in Las Vegas, Sands Bethlehem in Eastern Pennsylvania, and the iconic Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. Through majority ownership in Sands China Ltd., we have developed the largest portfolio of properties on the Cotai Strip in Macao, including The Venetian Macao, The Plaza and Four Seasons Hotel Macao, Sands Cotai Central and The Parisian Macao, as well as the Sands Macao on the Macao Peninsula.LVS is dedicated to being a good corporate citizen, anchored by the core tenets of serving people, planet and communities.  We deliver a great working environment for 50,000 team members worldwide, drive social impact through the Sands Cares charitable giving and community engagement program and lead in environmental performance through the award-winning Sands ECO360 global sustainability program. To learn more, please visit www.sands.com.Contacts:\nInvestment Community:\nDaniel Briggs\n(702) 414-1221Media:\nRon Reese\n(702) 414-3607 View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/las-vegas-sands-to-participate-in-the-2019-jp-morgan-gaming-lodging-restaurant--leisure-management-access-forum-300812797.htmlSOURCE Las Vegas SandsCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Las Vegas Sands to Participate in the 2019 J.P. Morgan Gaming, Lodging, Restaurant & Leisure Management Access Forum"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/am-best-affirms-credit-ratings-of-berkshire-hathaway-guard-insurance-companies-members-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 10:06 a.m. ET", "article": "AM Best has affirmed the Financial Strength Rating of A+ (Superior) and the Long-Term Issuer Credit Ratings of \u201caa-\u201d of WestGUARD Insurance Company, AmGUARD Insurance Company, EastGUARD Insurance Company and NorGUARD Insurance Company, which operate under an intercompany pooling agreement. These companies are members of Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance Companies (GUARD) and domiciled in Wilkes-Barre, PA. The outlook of these Credit Ratings (ratings) is stable.The ratings reflect GUARD\u2019s balance sheet strength, which AM Best categorizes as strongest, as well as its strong operating performance, neutral business profile and appropriate enterprise risk management.GUARD\u2019s solid risk-adjusted capitalization, continued and favorable operating profitability achieved through disciplined underwriting initiatives and conservative reserving philosophy, which has resulted in favorable reserve development over the past 11 years, also were factors taken into account. The ratings also acknowledge the implicit and explicit financial support provided by GUARD\u2019s immediate parent, National Indemnity Company (NICO), including significant reinsurance transactions. NICO is a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire) [NYSE: BRK A and BRK B].Partially offsetting these positive rating factors are the group\u2019s above-average growth in its core workers\u2019 compensation line and other commercial classes over the past several years. While profitable growth is welcome when it adds to surplus growth and business continuity \u2013 and GUARD has been deliberate and measured in its approach to the market \u2013 there is greater inherent risk associated with integrating new product lines and expansion into new states. In addition, there is a degree of risk as it regards the concentration in several states and production sources; however, GUARD has mitigated these risks through diversification. Despite these concerns, the outlooks reflect GUARD\u2019s enhanced financial flexibility provided by Berkshire, solid balance sheet and historical underwriting profitability.AM Best believes GUARD\u2019s operating companies are well-positioned at the current rating level. However, these ratings could come under pressure should softer market conditions occur in their new product lines and expansion initiatives result in a decline in underwriting and overall profitability to levels underperforming their peers, or if a significant, sudden reduction in surplus results from losses in the investment portfolio, which has a significant allocation to equity holdings.In addition, the ratings could be under pressure should NICO cease to provide adequate financial and operational support.This press release relates to Credit Ratings that have been published on AM Best\u2019s website. For all rating information relating to the release and pertinent disclosures, including details of the office responsible for issuing each of the individual ratings referenced in this release, please see AM Best\u2019s Recent Rating Activity web page. For additional information regarding the use and limitations of Credit Rating opinions, please view Understanding Best\u2019s Credit Ratings . For information on the proper media use of Best\u2019s Credit Ratings and AM Best press releases, please view Guide for Media - Proper Use of Best\u2019s Credit Ratings and AM Best Rating Action Press Releases .AM Best is a global rating agency and information provider with a unique focus on the insurance industry. Visit www.ambest.com for more information.Copyright \u00a9 2019 by A.M. Best Rating Services, Inc. and/or its affiliates. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190321005441/en/SOURCE: AM BestGuilherme (Guy) Monteiro Simoes\nSenior Financial Analyst\n+1 908 439 2200, ext. 5301\nguy.simoes@ambest.com Mariza Costa\nSenior Financial Analyst\n+1 908 439 2200, ext. 5154\nmariza.costa@ambest.com Christopher Sharkey\nManager, Public Relations\n+1 908 439 2200, ext. 5159\nchristopher.sharkey@ambest.com Jim Peavy\nDirector, Public Relations\n+1 908 439 2200, ext. 5644\njames.peavy@ambest.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "AM Best Affirms Credit Ratings of Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance Companies\u2019 Members"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/datameer-enterprise-platform-now-available-on-aws-marketplace-enterprises-can-easily-unlock-volumes-of-raw-data-in-hours-empowering-virtually-everyone-to-discover-insights-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 8:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Datameer Provides Additional Value for Data Scientists Using Amazon SageMaker, Simplifying the Building and Collaboration of Well-Defined Data Sets When Developing Machine Learning ModelsSAN FRANCISCO and BERLIN, March 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Datameer, a leader in agile analytics lifecycles, today announced the Datameer Enterprise platform edition, which runs on Amazon Elastic MapReduce (Amazon EMR) from Amazon Web Services (AWS), is now available on AWS Marketplace. AWS customers can now easily purchase and quickly deploy Datameer Enterprise right from AWS Marketplace. Datameer's comprehensive platform was designed with the enterprise in mind, helping break down data silos and empowering all teams to discover new insights through a more agile analytics lifecycle. Without any coding, customers can run millions of jobs and thousands of unique workbooks on hundreds of terabytes of data. The platform helps teams transform data from various on-premises and cloud-based sources into analytics-ready datasets on AWS, delivering game-changing insights within hours instead of the typical timeframe of days or weeks. \"Large enterprises typically have complex data sets and ever-evolving analytics requirements, which can result in lengthy implementation cycles,\" said Marta Whiteaker, Head of AWS Marketplace, EMEA, Amazon Web Services, Inc. \"Having Datameer Enterprise on AWS Marketplace makes it easy for our customers to get started gaining insights from raw data quickly, and operationalize their transformed and integrated data sets with the agility and flexibility of other AWS services, such as Amazon SageMaker or Amazon RedShift.\" National Instruments (NI), a provider of platform-based systems for engineers and scientists, is already seeing results using Datameer Enterprise on AWS.\"Working with Datameer, we have been able to develop and quickly iterate a variety of insights solutions that have been instrumental in shaping and enabling our company strategy,\" said Laxman Srigiri, Director, Business Insights and Analytics, National Instruments Corporation. \"The platform's self-service tools have increased productivity and helped us reduce our analytics cycles by as much as 20 percent.\"The Datameer platform also complements workflows on Amazon SageMaker, AWS's fully-managed Machine Learning (ML) service. Datameer makes it easy for data scientists to speed the cycle of finding the right data, modifying the data, validating the datasets for testing, and improving that data in the ML model over time, no matter the scale or complexity of this data.  \"Companies are processing large amounts of data every day and need to quickly transform their raw data into insights that will give them a competitive edge in the market,\" said Claudine Lagerholm, Vice President, Strategic Partnerships, Datameer. \"Datameer Enterprise lets data scientists, business analysts and data architects get access to, and quickly analyze, mountains of data from across the enterprise and find valuable answers to tough problems. We see more of our customers using Amazon SageMaker as they employ machine learning, and the Datameer platform complements those efforts to deliver better data in the machine learning models.\"Datameer Enterprise has also added Amazon Redshift and Hive to its list of over 70 built-in connectors.Datameer Enterprise on AWSDatameer Enterprise on AWS is a singular platform for an agile analytics lifecycle that easily integrates into the existing data ecosystem for one unified view of a company's data. Datameer Enterprise integrates large volumes of data using more than 70 connectors and on-premises data sources; transforms, blends and enriches data with no code in a spreadsheet-like interface with over 270 pre-built data prep functions; analyzes raw data on-the-fly in a visual interface for easier discovery; and operationalizes the workflow and allows users to deploy data sets to data warehouses, BI tools and data science tools. With Datameer Enterprise companies can better manage data demands by unlocking all raw data, breaking down enterprise silos and empowering all team members to discover new insights.About DatameerDatameer was designed to help integrate, explore, and deploy data for the most strategic analytics initiatives. Using a single platform, enterprise customers can break down data silos and empower everyone to discover insights. The company's flagship product, Datameer Enterprise, makes it easy to transform raw data into secure datasets for further discovery or to feed any analytics initiative \u2013 BI reporting, machine learning, deep learning and artificial intelligence initiatives. Customers include leading global organizations such as Citibank, Royal Bank of Canada, Aetna, Optum, National Instruments, Vivint and more. Datameer is headquartered in San Francisco, CA with offices in Berlin, Germany. Learn more at www.datameer.com.Press Contact:Jane Gideon\nIncendio International\njane@incendiopr.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/datameer-enterprise-platform-now-available-on-aws-marketplace-enterprises-can-easily-unlock-volumes-of-raw-data-in-hours-empowering-virtually-everyone-to-discover-insights-300815327.htmlSOURCE DatameerCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Datameer Enterprise Platform Now Available on AWS Marketplace; Enterprises Can Easily Unlock Volumes of Raw Data in Hours, Empowering Virtually Everyone to Discover Insights"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/global-smart-classroom-market-by-component-hardware-software-services-by-application-by-end-user-by-region-competition-forecast-opportunities-2024-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 4:11 p.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Smart Classroom Market By Component (Hardware (Projectors, Interactive Tables & Others), Software (Learning Management Software, Student Response Software & Others), & Services (Professional & Managed)), By Application (Education & Training), By End-User (K-12, Higher Education & Corporates), By Region, Competition, Forecast & Opportunities, 2024\n\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5757910/?utm_source=PRN\n\nGlobal Smart Classroom Market Overview\nGlobal smart classroom market is projected to grow at a CAGR of over 10% during the forecast period, owing to the surging use of advanced technologies in the education sector.Smart classrooms are classrooms which are equipped with learning technologies such as specialized software, assistive listening devices and audio/visual capabilities in order to offer a better learning experience.\n\nMoreover, increasing traction for digital learning and growing demand for mobile learning applications are further contributing to the market growth. Additionally, ease of utilization and convenience of teaching offered by smart classrooms are expected to positively impact smart classroom market, globally, during the forecast period.\nGlobal Smart Classroom Market Segments\nBased on the component, global smart classroom market can be segmented into hardware, software and services.Hardware segment can be further segmented into projectors, interactive whiteboards & displays, interactive tables and others.\n\nBased on the software, global smart classroom market can be further segmented into learning management software, student response software, classroom management and assessment software.Popularity of the hardware segment is increasing, and the trend is likely to continue in the next five years as well.\n\nIn terms of application, global smart classroom market serves the purpose of education and training.Deployment of smart classroom for education purpose is expected to dominate the market.\n\nHowever, training segment is anticipated to register high growth in the coming five years due to increasing deployment of smart classroom hardware and software for training purposes, especially in corporate.\n\nGlobal Smart Classroom Market Regional Insights\nRegionally, global smart classroom market is gaining traction and expanding to various regions including Asia-Pacific, North America, Europe, South America and the Middle East & Africa.North America dominates the global smart classroom market, owing to the presence of leading players and availability of advanced educational technology.\n\nAsia-Pacific smart classroom market is expected to grow at a high rate during the forecast period, backed by growing adoption of smart classroom enabled learning in economies such as India and China. Moreover, government programs supporting education in Asia-Pacific are further bolstering the region's smart classroom market.\nGlobal Smart Classroom Market Competitive Landscape\nMajor players operating in global smart classroom market are Microsoft Corporation, Dell Inc., Fujitsu, International Business Machines Corp., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Apple, Inc., Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. etc. Major companies are developing advanced technologies and launching new products in order to stay competitive in the market. Other competitive strategies include mergers & acquisitions and new product developments.\n\nYears considered for this report:\n\nHistorical Years: 2014-2017\nBase Year: 2018\nEstimated Year: 2019\nForecast Period: 2020-2024\n\nObjective of the Study:\n\n\u2022 To analyze and forecast global smart classroom market size.\n\u2022 To classify and forecast global smart classroom market based on component, application, end-user and regional distribution.\n\u2022 To identify drivers and challenges for global smart classroom market.\n\u2022 To examine competitive developments such as expansions, new product launches, mergers & acquisitions, etc., in global smart classroom market.\n\u2022 To conduct the pricing analysis for global smart classroom market.\n\u2022 To identify and analyze the profile of leading players operating in global smart classroom market.\nSome of the leading players in global smart classroom market are Microsoft Corporation, Dell Inc., Fujitsu, International Business Machines Corp., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Apple, Inc., Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. etc.\n\nThe analyst performed both primary as well as exhaustive secondary research for this study.Initially, The analyst sourced a list of developers across the globe.\n\nSubsequently, The analyst conducted primary research surveys with the identified companies.While interviewing, the respondents were also enquired about their competitors.\n\nThrough this technique, The analyst could include the developers which could not be identified due to the limitations of secondary research. The analyst analyzed the service offerings, distribution channels and presence of all major companies across the globe.\nThe analyst calculated global smart classroom market size using a bottom-up approach, where data for various end-user segments was recorded and forecast for the future years.The analyst sourced these values from the industry experts and company representatives and externally validated through analyzing historical data of these product types and applications for getting an appropriate, overall market size.\n\nVarious secondary sources such as company websites, news articles, press releases, company annual reports, investor presentations and financial reports were also studied by the analyst.\n\nKey Target Audience:\n\n\u2022 Smart classroom manufacturers and other stakeholders\n\u2022 Large, medium-sized, and small enterprises\n\u2022 Venture capitalists\n\u2022 Value-Added Resellers (VARs)\n\u2022 Third-party knowledge providers\n\u2022 Market research and consulting firms\n\u2022 Government bodies such as regulating authorities and policy makers\nThe study is useful in providing answers to several critical questions that are important for industry stakeholders such as manufacturers, partners and end users. The report also provides insight about which market segments should be targeted over the coming years in order to strategize investments and capitalize on the growth of the market segment.\n\nReport Scope:\n\nIn this report, global smart classroom market has been segmented into following categories, in addition to the industry trends which have also been detailed below:\n\u2022 Market, by Component:\n\u2022 Hardware\nProjectors\nInteractive Whiteboards & Displays\nInteractive Tables\nOthers\n\u2022 Software\nLearning Management Software\nStudent Response Software\nClassroom Management & Assessment Management\n\u2022 Services\nProfessional\nManaged\n\u2022 Market, by Application:\n\u2022 Education\n\u2022 Training\n\u2022 Market, by End-User:\n\u2022 K-12\n\u2022 Higher Education\n\u2022 Corporates\n\u2022 Market, by Region:\n\u2022 North America\nUnited States\nCanada\nMexico\n\u2022 Europe\nUnited Kingdom\nGermany\nFrance\nSpain\nItaly\n\u2022 Asia-Pacific\nChina\nIndia\nJapan\nSouth Korea\nAustr\u00e0lia\n\u2022 South America\nBrazil\nArgentina\nColombia\n\u2022 Middle East & Africa\nTurkey\nSaudi Arabia\nSouth Africa\nUAE\n\nCompetitive Landscape\n\nCompany Profiles: Detailed analysis of the major companies present in global smart classroom market.\n\nAvailable Customizations:\n\nWith the given market data, we offers customizations according to a company's specific needs. The following customization options are available for the report:\n\nCompany Information\n\n\u2022 Detailed analysis and profiling of additional market players (up to five).\n\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5757910/?utm_source=PRN\n\nAbout Reportbuyer\nReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers\n\nFor more information:\nSarah Smith\nResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com\nEmail: sarah@reportbuyer.com\nTel: +1 (718) 213 4904\nWebsite: www.reportbuyer.comView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-smart-classroom-market-by-component-hardware-software--services--by-application-by-end-user-by-region-competition-forecast--opportunities-2024-300814813.htmlSOURCE ReportBuyerCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Global Smart Classroom Market By Component (Hardware, Software, & Services), By Application, By End-User, By Region, Competition, Forecast & Opportunities, 2024"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/golden-apple-surprises-du-quoin-high-school-teacher-with-prestigious-award-for-excellence-in-teaching-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 1:36 p.m. ET", "article": "CHICAGO, March 22, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Golden Apple, a leading Illinois nonprofit committed to recognizing exemplary educators and developing future educators, today surprised Rebecca McCrary, a high school Spanish teacher at Du Quoin High School in Du Quoin, with the highly respected Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching. The annual award, which recognizes and honors outstanding teachers for their role in building a stronger, better-educated society, was presented to McCrary in front of students, family and school leadership.Following a highly competitive process, the 2019 award recipients were selected from more than 550 nominations of high school teachers. For the first time in the history of the awards, the eligibility boundaries were expanded to include all of Illinois. The demand for recognition throughout the state was profound. As evidence, nominations for outstanding teachers and leaders were received from 71 Illinois counties.  \"The historic opportunity to bring the recognition of the Golden Apple Awards for Excellence in Teaching to all of the schools and teachers in Illinois is thrilling and we are delighted to honor Rebecca McCrary this year,\" said Alan Mather, President of Golden Apple.The Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching honors outstanding teachers for their roles in having lasting, positive effects on students' lives and building stronger communities. Teacher finalists demonstrate -- in their teaching and results -- significant, positive impact on their students' growth and learning. Fellow educators, students, parents and community members nominate teachers for the awards. Teachers may not self-nominate.\"We believe that recognizing exemplary educators helps to elevate the teaching profession to its rightful place of honor,\" said Alicia Winckler, CEO of Golden Apple. \"Golden Apple is inspired by the high standards set by these outstanding educators. The quality of their teaching and passion for supporting their students' growth create an environment in which students are inspired to persevere and attain their dreams. Their work as educators is critical to realizing a better future and we are proud to recognize their valuable contributions.\"Award recipients are selected by master educators who understand and recognize instructional best practices and who utilize professional standards to evaluate exemplary teachers and school leaders. Members of the selection committee viewed video evidence of instruction and observed finalists' teaching in-person in their classrooms - a comprehensive day which included direct observation of in-classroom teaching accompanied by interviewing finalists' colleagues, school leaders, students, parents, and community members.About Rebecca McCraryMcCrary's passion for the Spanish language is infectious, according to her students. But her dedication to her students' success is what makes them love her so much. In addition to keeping her door open before and after school for those who need extra help, her students know she is always available and willing to listen whenever they need her support. Her faculty colleagues say she is dedicated beyond measure and that she has added so much to the Spanish curriculum including a new student club which offers a college scholarship for one graduating senior each year. She is described by parents and colleagues as much more than a teacher - she is a mentor, a role model, a counselor and a coach to all of her students. She earned her Masters Degree in History in 2017. She is the faculty sponsor of the National Honors Society.Videos, photos and social media snapshots of the 2019 award surprise visits, can be found at https://www.goldenapple.org/awards.The 2019 award recipients will be featured on a Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) one-hour TV program. The livestream of the show taping will air on Golden Apple's Facebook page on May 18, 2019 and the edited PBS broadcast will air on multiple future dates.As a highly-valued component of this recognition, Northwestern University, Golden Apple's partner for more than 30 years, generously provides a Spring Sabbatical to award recipients at no cost.\"In honoring and developing K-12 teachers, Northwestern University and the Golden Apple Foundation are committed to improving teaching, learning, and the lives of kids across the state of Illinois,\"  said Timothy Dohrer, Ph.D., Director of the Master of Science in Education Program at Northwestern University's School of Education & Social Policy.In addition, each Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching recipient receives a $5,000 cash award. Award recipients also become Fellows of the Golden Apple Academy of Educators, a community of educators who support current and future teachers and deepen the learning of students. An important part of a Fellows' mission is to share their expertise and mentor Golden Apple Scholars, who are aspiring teachers with a desire to teach in Illinois' schools-of-need.The nomination period for the 2020 Golden Apple Awards for Excellence in Teaching opened March 18, 2019. All are invited to nominate an exceptional 4th-8th grade Illinois teacher. More information about the awards nomination process can be found at https://www.goldenapple.org/awards.About Golden AppleFounded in 1985, Golden Apple innovates teacher preparation and leadership to transform both the careers of teachers as well as the lives of students in Illinois. Its signature initiative, the Golden Apple Scholars Program, provides exceptional teacher preparation, resources and lifelong support to advance educational excellence for Illinois' most underserved students in schools-of-need. Aspiring teachers/Scholars are recruited from the communities in which they return to serve -- with a passion for teaching and a drive to create positive change for young people in their communities. Scholars commit to teach at an Illinois school-of-need for five years after graduation. More than 1,000 Scholars currently are teaching across Illinois.Visit http://www.goldenapple.org for more information.Media contact: \nEileen Rochford\n312-953-3305\neileenr@theharbingergroup.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/golden-apple-surprises-du-quoin-high-school-teacher-with-prestigious-award-for-excellence-in-teaching-300817167.htmlSOURCE Golden AppleCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Golden Apple Surprises Du Quoin High School Teacher with Prestigious Award for Excellence in Teaching"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/fords-incoming-cfo-could-shake-up-companys-bureaucracy-analysts-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 12:26 p.m. ET", "article": "Ford Motor Co. F, -0.27% new chief financial officer Tim Stone, who will succeed retiring CFO Bob Shanks on June 1, will \"certainly need to learn the business,\" but there are positives from his background, analysts at RBC said in a note Thursday. Before Stone's brief stint as CFO of Snap Inc. SNAP, -0.47% he worked in finance at Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.23% for 20 years. A \"fair criticism of Ford over the years has been that the organization is bureaucratic and home-bred,\" the analysts said. Chief Executive Jim Hackett has made it a point to try and change the culture \"and Stone clearly comes from organizations that have historically moved faster,\" they said. Moreover, \"his experience at Amazon could lend some insight into both Ford's core business ... as well as Ford's auto 2.0 initiatives,\" the analysts said. Ford announced Shanks' retirement and Stone's appointment earlier Thursday. Shares of Ford rose 1.5% in midday trading. The stock has lost 22% in the past 12 months, which contrasts with gains around 5% for the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.01% in the same period.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Ford's incoming CFO could shake up company's bureaucracy: analysts"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/lubrizol-engineered-polymers-signs-agreement-with-the-institute-of-chemical-technology-in-india-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 8:00 a.m. ET", "article": "(GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- News ReleaseLubrizol Engineered Polymers Signs Agreement with The Institute of Chemical Technology in IndiaCLEVELAND, March 22, 2019 - Lubrizol Advanced Materials India Pvt. Ltd. signed an agreement in February with The Institute of Chemical Technology (ICT) for the supply of technical services and new application development of Estane(R) thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU). ICT is a leading chemical technology research university in Mumbai, India.The agreement was signed by Ms. Ursula Thakkar, Managing Director, Lubrizol Advanced Materials, and Prof. G. D. Yadav, Vice Chancellor, ICT. The agreement sets the stage for a close collaboration that aims to develop new end-use applications in the Indian industrial sector. Speaking on this occasion, Ms. Ursula Thakkar, Managing Director South Asia said, \"We are very pleased to partner with ICT as part of our strategy to provide innovative solutions for our customers in India\".Dr. Jesus Santamaria, Regional business director for Engineered Polymers, EMEAI added: \"India is one of the key regions that is contributing -and will contribute much more in the future- to our global business growth. We acknowledge the specificities of India as a market, different from other regions and, as such, deserving a differentiated support. Growing TPU applications in mobility, electronics and Industry 4.0 (digitalization and automation) are positioning India at the forefront of technology. This agreement is critical to this vision as it will complement our current global technical centers with a local support from one of the most globally recognized chemical technology institutions.\"About Lubrizol Engineered PolymersWith more than 60 years of experience and a worldwide network that includes formulation design, manufacturing, R&D and cutting-edge technologies, Lubrizol Engineered Polymers offers one of the broadest portfolios of engineered polymers available today including resins that are bio-based*, recyclable**, light stable, flame retardant, adhesive, chemically resistant, optically clear and fast cycling. Our technology crosses many industries and applications, including surface protection, power and fluid systems, sports and recreation, wearable devices, electronics and automotive. For more information, visit www.lubrizol.com/engineered-polymers or contact engineeredpolymers@lubrizol.com.*Bio-based content as certified in accordance with ASTM D-6866.**Recyclability is based on access to a readily available standard recycling program that supports such materials. Products may not be available in all areas.- more -About The Lubrizol CorporationThe Lubrizol Corporation, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is a market-driven global company that combines complex, specialty chemicals to optimize the quality, performance and value of customers' products while reducing their environmental impact. It is a leader at combining market insights with chemistry and application capabilities to deliver valuable solutions to customers in the global transportation, industrial and consumer markets. Lubrizol improves lives by acting as an essential partner in our customers' success, delivering efficiency, reliability or wellness to their end users. Technologies include lubricant additives for engine oils, driveline and other transportation-related fluids, industrial lubricants, as well as additives for gasoline and diesel fuel. In addition, Lubrizol makes ingredients and additives for home care, personal care and skin care products and specialty materials encompassing polymer and coatings technologies, along with polymer-based pharmaceutical and medical device solutions.With headquarters in Wickliffe, Ohio, Lubrizol owns and operates manufacturing facilities in 17 countries, as well as sales and technical offices around the world. Founded in 1928, Lubrizol has approximately 8,700 employees worldwide. Revenues for 2018 were $6.8 billion. For more information, visit Lubrizol.com.All marks are owned by The Lubrizol Corporation.Media ContactsNicholas Galioto+1 216 447-5697The Lubrizol CorporationLidia Valcarcel+34 93 579-9565Web Siteswww.lubrizol.com/engineered-polymerswww.lubrizol.com###This announcement is distributed by West Corporation on behalf of West Corporation clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: Lubrizol via GlobenewswireCopyright (C) 2019 GLOBE NEWSWIRE. All rights reserved.", "title": "Lubrizol Engineered Polymers Signs Agreement with The Institute of Chemical Technology in India"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/facebook-admits-new-zealand-shooting-video-reveals-gaps-in-its-ai-but-pushes-back-on-time-delay-policy-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 6:43 a.m. ET", "article": "Streaming of the live Facebook Inc. video of the New Zealand mosque shootings revealed shortcomings in its technology, the social media giant conceded, at the same time that the company pushed back against implementing a time delay for video.Guy Rosen, Facebook\u2019s FB, +0.84%   vice president for integrity, said in comments posted late Wednesday that the company\u2019s artificial intelligence tools initially failed to catch the shooter\u2019s live video of the terrorist attack Christchurch mosques last week that killed 50 people.Rosen said the video wasn\u2019t prioritized for accelerated review once it was flagged by a user because its accelerated reviews are largely focused on reports of suicide attempts.Read: Founder of 8chan expresses regret in wake of New Zealand massacre\u201cMany people have asked why artificial intelligence (AI) didn\u2019t detect the video from last week\u2019s attack automatically. AI has made massive progress over the years and in many areas, which has enabled us to proactively detect the vast majority of the content we remove. But it\u2019s not perfect,\u201d Rosen said.\u201cAI systems are based on \u2018training data,\u2019 which means you need many thousands of examples of content in order to train a system that can detect certain types of text, imagery or video,\u201d he said.\u201cThis approach has worked very well for areas such as nudity, terrorist propaganda and also graphic violence where there is a large number of examples we can use to train our systems. However, this particular video did not trigger our automatic detection systems,\u201d Rosen said in the post, adding that no users reported the video during the live broadcast.Facebook took down the video after being alerted by New Zealand authorities. By then, however, the video, which shows men, women and children being gunned down during Friday prayers, had been viewed about 4,000 times on the site, Facebook said, and copied on other sites.Still, the company has doubled down on AI as a solution, in addition to using about 15,000 content reviewers.Criticism after the attack has focused on Facebook\u2019s live broadcast tool. Some critics have called on the site to impose a time delay during which videos could be checked. Rosen said in the post that a delay would be swamped by the millions of live videos broadcast daily and would actually slow flags sent by users.Facebook shares are up about 26% in the year to date.Meanwhile, New Zealand\u2019s Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern announced an immediate ban Thursday on semi-automatic and automatic weapons like the ones used in the attacks on two mosques in Christchurch that killed 50 worshippers.Want news about Asia delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Asia Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Facebook admits New Zealand shooting video reveals gaps in its AI but pushes back on time-delay policy"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/sorry-but-that-1100-standing-desk-wont-make-you-thinner-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 11:12 a.m. ET", "article": "You might want to sit down for this.Standing desks won\u2019t make you lose weight, and they also don\u2019t make you significantly healthier or more productive, according to a new analysis of 53 sit-stand desk studies.Dr. April Chambers, a bioengineer and assistant professor at the University of Pittsburgh, collaborated with Dr. Nancy A. Baker, an associate professor of occupational therapy at Tufts University, and Dr. Michelle M. Robertson, an executive director for the Office Ergonomics Research Committee, to determine how effective sit-stand desks (aka SSDs) are for workers. They wanted to know whether SSDs actually got workers to sit less and move more; whether they improved cardiovascular health and memory, while reducing fatigue and obesity; how they affected mood and confidence; if they eased musculoskeletal discomfort (like back and neck pain); and whether they helped improve workers\u2019 postures at their computers.The good news is, they found evidence that standing desks did modify workers\u2019 behavior so that they were less sedentary; significant reductions in sitting time and increases in standing time were found 76% and 89% of the time, respectively. And standing desks were the most effective at making workers more comfortable; many subjects self-reported having less lower-back pain. There were slight improvements in users\u2019 blood pressure, as well.But overall, the desks weren\u2019t making workers healthier or more productive in significant ways. There was almost no effect on obesity, as you don\u2019t burn enough calories from just standing to have a huge impact on the scale. One study noted that workers who stood at their desks the entire day \u2014 not just for an hour here or there, but for six hours \u2014 burned only 54 more calories a day, on average. That\u2019s less than half the calories in a slice of bread. Meanwhile, walking burns three times as many calories, even done at a leisurely pace.\u201cWhen they first hit the market, I think that certain areas of research just had higher expectations that they could use these [standing desk] devices for weight loss and things like that \u2014 and they haven\u2019t lived up to that,\u201d Chambers told MarketWatch. \u201cBut I don\u2019t think that\u2019s necessarily what they were made for, and I think there are other benefits that have been under-explored.\u201dWorkers also weren\u2019t noticeably more productive when they switched from sitting to standing desks; 77% of the 22 studies that looked at work performance had \u201cno significant results,\u201d and two of the studies actually found that sitting made workers more productive. (Newsweek also reported on an Australian study last year that found workers standing at computer desks for two hours reported physical and mental pain the longer they stood.)\u201cWhile we didn\u2019t really see a detriment to mood or health or productivity, we didn\u2019t see much improvement, either. But we also didn\u2019t see any real consistency anywhere about how to use them, how long to use them, what position somebody should be in, and for how long,\u201d Chambers added. \u201cMore research is needed to figure out how better to use them, and to get other benefits out of them other than weight loss.\u201dDon\u2019t miss: Your standing desk is causing you pain and wrecking your focusStill, more and more workplaces are adopting standing desks. While it\u2019s nothing new \u2014 Charles Dickens, Thomas Jefferson, Winston Churchill and Ernest Hemingway all reportedly wrote while standing up \u2014 there\u2019s been a rise in standing desks over the past decade. As workplaces have become more focused on employee wellness, and the dangers of sitting for long periods \u2014 even if you exercise \u2014 have become more widely recognized, companies like Microsoft MSFT, -0.40%  , Facebook FB, -0.08%   and Alphabet\u2019s GOOGL, -0.61% GOOG, -0.69%   Google have provided adjustable desks for workers to sit or stand at. In fact, Apple\u2019s AAPL, +1.07%   Tim Cook announced last year that all 12,000 employees at the iPhone maker\u2019s new Apple Park headquarters would be given standing desks.About 44% of the companies surveyed by the Society for Human Resource Management now either provide or subsidize standing desks for their employees, which is a three-fold increase since 2013. And the global standing-desk market is expected to reach $2.8 billion by 2025, according to Acute Market Reports, which notes that it\u2019s not rising faster because the desks\u2019 \u201cadditional cost hampers market growth.\u201dIndeed, Steve Robertson, the CEO of the small software company Eventective, Inc. in Maine, spent about $24,000 to replace his 20 employees\u2019 traditional desks with standing LifeDesks, which ran about $1,100 apiece. They also required adding specialized standing mats ($20 apiece) at each station to make being on their feet more comfortable.\u201cOne of the interesting side benefits is that collaborating with another person is actually easier and pleasant at a standing desk,\u201d Robertson told MarketWatch. \u201cAs opposed to \u2018pulling a chair up,\u2019 it is much easier to simply walk up and work together while standing.\u201d He also said that the boost in employee morale from his team appreciating that the company invests in their health (also offering them a half-price gym membership) has raised productivity.Varidesk CEO and co-founder Jason McCann, who said his standing desks are in 98% of the Fortune 500 companies, told MarketWatch that his company\u2019s products are meant to compliment overall wellness. \u201cWe believe a truly healthy lifestyle means you need to move throughout the day. The average working adult spends more than half of his waking life sitting, yet we know sitting for more than four hours per day can negatively affect health and life expectancy. Getting on your feet is the first step,\u201d he said. \u201cWhen standing, movement, which means calorie burn, is natural. You fidget. You walk to talk to a coworker. You stretch. All of this gets the blood flowing, making you more alert, engaged and focused.\u201dAnd the workers and workplaces that have already jumped on the standing desks bandwagon aren\u2019t taking the mixed research reports sitting down. Several told MarketWatch that they\u2019ve become healthier and happier while standing on the job, no matter what the science says.Work-from-home writer Lydia Noyes, a 25-year-old health and wellness expert for HighYa.com, has been using a Fully Jarvis standing desk (which starts at $369) for the past four months.\u201cAlmost immediately after switching to a standing desk, I started to feel less tension in my lower back, which had been bothering me for almost the whole time I worked as a writer,\u201d she said. \u201cI think that having the option to transition from sitting to standing makes me a more focused writer, because I don\u2019t need to walk around the house to relieve my glute muscles after sitting too long; I can just transition to standing and continue working.\u201dDon\u2019t miss: Your no B.S. guide to losing weight in the New YearBut Noyes admitted that, \u201cI don\u2019t weigh any less since using one, and I\u2019m not sure if my writing output has increased or improved because of it,\u201d she said. \u201cHowever, I know that having one has had psychological benefits for me. I feel a little less \u2018trapped\u2019 during the workday when I know I can transition to standing at any time.\u201dMichael Arnold, 49, an engineer from Anderson, S.C., stands 6-foot-4, and has long suffered back pain from hunching over the standard desks built for shorter workers. So when his previous employer installed adjustable desks that could be used for sitting and standing in 2012, he became a convert to working on his feet. \u201cSitting at a desk is miserable for me, but it took a standing desk for me to realize it,\u201d he said. \u201cI now only sit for conference calls and to really focus in on detailed project work.\u201d He also said that standing up keeps him from getting drowsy in the late afternoon.And freelance writer Julia Goldstein, 52, signed up for a communal workspace in the Seattle area that offers standing desks \u2014 and even bought one for her home office \u2014 because the runner and triathlete noticed that sitting all day was tightening her hips and giving her lower back pain.\u201cI find now that I generally prefer to stand. I have more energy and am less likely to get tired in the middle of the afternoon. If I\u2019m at a networking event with limited seating, I no longer search out a seat,\u201d she said. But she also admitted that simply standing isn\u2019t enough to keep her in shape or maintain her weight. \u201cYou still need to do more,\u201d she said.Don\u2019t miss: Pedal desks don\u2019t take you far, but they can help you live longerChambers suggested that the disconnect between what these satisfied customers say, and the subjects reported in the 50-plus studies, could be because there are limitations to what research is out there. For one thing, these studies mostly centered on younger adults at healthy weights; there could be more health benefits (or, detriments) for those who are overweight or obese, or who are older and less active. Also, none of the studies were conducted long enough to see what the long-term pros and cons of standing desks are; only a couple went as long as six months to a year.The bottom line: Standing desks aren\u2019t miracle workers on their own, but rather part of an overall healthier lifestyle. Sitting too much is dangerous \u2014 but then again, so is standing too much. Workers standing or walking for more than six hours a day are at a doubled or tripled risk of surgery for varicose veins; these veins are associated with higher risks of arterial disease and heart failure.Chambers encourages workers to recognize just where standing desks can benefit them \u2014 in easing neck and back pain, or encouraging them to move more \u2014 and where they fall short. But don\u2019t drop upwards of a thousand dollars expecting this to be a quick fix to an unhealthy lifestyle when you can periodically take a break for a few minutes to stand up, stretch and go for a walk \u2014 for free.", "title": "Sorry, but that $1,100 standing desk won\u2019t make you thinner"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/geico-hiring-for-hundreds-of-openings-that-pay-more-than-15hour-2019-02-28": {"date": "Feb 28, 2019 6:00 a.m. ET", "article": "GEICO regional offices in Macon, Georgia, have immediate openings for Emergency Roadside Service Representatives, Title Processing Specialists, Claims Service Representatives and Customer Service Representatives; all four positions have a starting salary of at least $15 an hour. Training is provided and no prior insurance experience is necessary. Apply at https://www.geico.com/careers/office-locations/georgia-macon/.Full-time associates are offered thewide-ranging Total Rewards Program, which includes a comprehensivebenefitspackage, college tuition reimbursement and health and wellness incentives. GEICO provides a friendly work environment that supports career growth and development.\u201cMore than 6,700 members of the Middle Georgia community are already a part of our GEICO family,\u201d said Regional Vice President Franklin Silva. \u201cWe are proud to invite even more area residents to join GEICO and help us continue to offer the top-notch customer experience that we are known for.\"GEICO, a member of Warren Buffett\u2019s Berkshire Hathaway family of companies, is a Greater Macon Chamber of Commerce \u2018Business of the Year\u2019 honoree and one of the Middle Georgia United Way\u2019s \u2018Top 10 Most Generous Workplaces.\u2019 In fact, GEICO has had the largest campaign for the local United Way for the past 14 years, including a $1.1 million contribution in 2018.About GEICOGEICO (Government Employees Insurance Company), the second-largest auto insurer in the U.S., was founded in 1936 and insures more than 27 million vehicles.To make changes, report claims, print insurance cards and purchase additional products, policyholders can access their insurance policy here, connect via GEICO Mobile, phoneor by visiting aGEICO local agent.Homeowners, renters, condo, flood, identity theft and term life coverages are written through non-affiliated insurance companies and are secured through the GEICO Insurance Agency, Inc. Commercial auto and personal umbrella coverages are also available.Visit www.geico.com for a quote or to learn more.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190228005116/en/SOURCE: GEICO\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@GEICOGEICO Communications\ngcorpcomm@geico.com\nTo view GEICO's Blog: https://www.geico.com/more/Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "GEICO Hiring for Hundreds of Openings That Pay More Than $15/Hour"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/sp-500-nasdaq-nail-the-breakout-point-sustain-break-to-clear-skies-territory-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 11:59 a.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks are firmly higher early Thursday, rising in the wake of a Federal Reserve-fueled market whipsaw.Against this backdrop, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite have effectively nailed major support \u2014 at S&P 2,817 and Nasdaq 7,677 \u2014 and the successful retest preserves the mid-March break to clear skies technical territory.Before detailing the U.S. markets\u2019 wider view, the S&P 500\u2019s", "title": "S&P 500, Nasdaq nail the breakout point, sustain break to \u2018clear skies\u2019 territory"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/pinterest-files-registration-statement-with-sec-for-proposed-initial-public-offering-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 4:33 p.m. ET", "article": "SAN FRANCISCO, March 22, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Pinterest, Inc. (\"Pinterest\") today announced that it has filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (\"SEC\") relating to a proposed initial public offering of shares of its Class A common stock. The number of shares to be offered and the price range for the proposed offering have not yet been determined.Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Allen & Company LLC will serve as lead joint book-running managers for the offering. BofA Merrill Lynch, Barclays Capital Inc.,  Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC will also act as book-running managers for the offering.  Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC will serve as co-managers for the offering.The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus relating to the offering, when available, may be obtained from Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, telephone: 1-866-471-2526 or by emailing Prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, phone: 866-803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; or Allen & Company, Prospectus Department, 711 Fifth Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10022, email: dweidlein@allenco.com. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the SEC, but has not yet become effective. These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.Contacts:press@pinterest.comir@pinterest.comView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pinterest-files-registration-statement-with-sec-for-proposed-initial-public-offering-300817263.htmlSOURCE PinterestCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Pinterest Files Registration Statement with SEC for Proposed Initial Public Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/airpods-are-lost-easily-and-in-some-cases-miraculously-found-2018-08-02": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 10:51 a.m. ET", "article": "When Apple AAPL, +0.96%  unveiled its $159 AirPods in September 2016, comedian Conan O\u2019Brien responded with a spoof ad of people dancing around with the new wireless AirPods and then promptly losing them.On Wednesday, Apple introduced its second generation wireless AirPods. They will have 50% more talk time, a hands-free \u201chey, Siri!\u201d voice-assistant feature and the option of a wireless charging case. They are, however, just as easy to lose.This is not lost on those who buy them. Some Apple aficionados go to great lengths to retrieve them or ensure they never get permanently lost in the first place and, those that don\u2019t, seem willing to pay even more money to replace them.Don\u2019t miss: Apple event expected to show off new iPhones, Apple Watch: Live blogIt did not even occur to Chris Fields, a 29-year-old internal communications specialist from New York City, that he left his AirPods behind on an American Airlines AA, +0.53%  flight he took from LaGuardia to Charleston, W.V. last year until he received a call from an airline representative. \u201cThey called me and said, \u2018Are you missing something from your flight?\u2019 They were very discreet about it,\u201d he said. He then dug through his bag to find out that his AirPods were missing.After correctly identifying the item he had left behind on the flight, the airline representative informed him that the flight attendant had discovered the AirPods on the plane. \u201cI don\u2019t know why I took my AirPods out, to begin with, I might have slipped them under my legs when I was trying to hurry and get off the plane,\u201d Fields said. Luckily, he was able to retrieve the lost ear buds eight days later for his return flight to New York.It\u2019s a testament to the power of Apple\u2019s brand that the company has convinced loyal customers to replace traditional headphones with two sleek AirPods that aren\u2019t much bigger than a pair of ear plugs and weigh about the same as a paper clip. For such a tiny device, there are a surprising number of happy reunion stories about AirPods and their owners. And some lost and found departments are going all out to help bereft AirPod owners.Although Apple does not break down sales of AirPods, the company reported in January that its \u201cother\u201d product category, which includes AirPod sales, grew 33% to $7.3 from a year earlier, the fastest growing category.Fields is not the only one to get back lost AirPods while shuffling through an airport. John Garner, a program analyst at Nashville International Airport who is responsible for keeping track of items left behind at the airport\u2019s security check line, said that in the last 30 days his team has returned 119 out of 332 lost Bluetooth headphones and ear buds to owners. (Each airport has a different policy for retrieving lost items. You can find out more through the TSA\u2019s lost and found web page.)Don\u2019t miss: Apple stock\u2019s next milestone is $250 as the company makes a crucial transitionSo what happens to all those unclaimed AirPods? If lost items aren\u2019t claimed after 30 days at the Nashville airport, they\u2019re shipped to a store called the Unclaimed Baggage Center in Scottsboro, Ala. The shop, which claims to be the only store of its kind, sells items that have been left at airports at a deep discount. For instance, Lauren Breeze, a writer based in Nashville, visited the store and found Bose headphones selling for $40 with a retail value of $180.Also see: Apple $1 trillion? Here\u2019s the plunge that followed the first company to get thereOf course, airports aren\u2019t the only place people lose their AirPods. Some some lost and found departments have developed aggressive tactics to get the buds back into their owner\u2019s ears. The Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) system, the public transit system serving the San Francisco Bay Area, managed to return 242 out of 426 lost electronic accessories to its passengers in 2017 and 2018, said Alicia Trost, BART\u2019s communications department manager.BART\u2019s success rate is due in part to Trost, who runs the official BART Twitter account TWTR, +0.21% Over the course of each day, she responds to hundreds of tweets from passengers bemoaning items they lost in transit. While BART can\u2019t recover everyone\u2019s AirPods, there have been some remarkable success stories. In one instance, BART was able to rescue a pair of AirPods dropped onto the tracks by a commuter in a Berkeley station.\u201cAll these people think they won\u2019t get their AirPods back when they drop them,\u201d Trost said. As it turns out, there are BART personnel who carry grabber sticks that can pick up small items like AirPods from the electrified tracks so passengers don\u2019t feel tempted to undertake the dangerous task of retrieving them on their own. \u201cIt\u2019s a perfect example of something so small, but so meaningful and a way to show that we are humans,\u201d Trost said.In 2017, Raajit Sharma, an app developer from Sydney, Australia, launched a $4 app in the App Store called Finder For AirPods. \u201cThere was a lot of talk about how easy it would be to lose the pods themselves,\u201d Sharma said. In fact, he got the idea from the Conan O\u2019Brien skit about lost AirPods. A representative called Sharma four days later to tell him it deleted the app from the online store. In March 2017, Apple updated the Find My iPhone app to include AirPods.But reviews of Apple\u2019s own version has received mixed reviews. Jonathan Lieberman, a product designer at Uber who lives in San Francisco, recently tested out the AirPod finding feature of Find My iPhone only to discover that it would only locate his AirPods when the charging case was open. Apple did not respond to a question about whether the issue has affected other AirPods. (The company charges just $138 for two AirPods or $69 each if you still have the receipt for your last pair.)Lieberman lost his $70 charging and replaced it. He has also lost one AirPod, which he believes he left behind in an Uber, so he bought a new set. As a designer, Lieberman said he is constantly listening to music and cannot stand non-wireless headphones. \u201cWires are the worst thing on the planet period,\u201d he said. In order to not lose his second set of AirPods or the charging case, he taped his Twitter handle on the case.\u201cSometimes, you take one AirPod out and put it in your pocket and next thing it\u2019s gone,\u201d he said. \u201cI\u2019m certainly going to be more careful.\u201dThis article was updated on March 21, 2019.Are you a young family thinking about budgeting, investing, saving for retirement or buying a home? We\u2019d be eager to talk to you as part of a personal finance project we\u2019re working on. Email raakhee.mirchandani@dowjones.com to learn more.Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "AirPods are lost easily and, in some cases, miraculously found"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/sp-500-nasdaq-snaps-2-session-skid-but-10-year-treasury-yield-near-2017-low-keeps-stock-market-in-check-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 4:23 p.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stock benchmarks on Tuesday gained but finished well off their best levels of the session as equity-market investors wrestled with falling yields that usually imply that investors are worried about the domestic economy. Still, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.01% gained 141 points, or 0.6%, to 25,657, after earlier rising as many as 279 points. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.11% advanced 0.7% to 2,818, while the technology-laden Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.18% climbed 0.7% to 7,691. All three benchmarks pared firmer gains but the day's advance did snap a two-session slide for the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, even as housing data were lackluster and an accurate signal of impending recessions, continued to remain in force. The 10-year Treasury yield TMUBMUSD10Y, -2.15% was at 2.418%, holding near its lowest since 2017. A recent slip in 10-year U.S. Treasury yields below the level of three-month Treasury bills, known as a yield-curve inversion has been seen by some investors as foreshadowing of a potential recession in the coming 18 or 24 months, research show. The latest market data suggested that the U.S. economic growth may be softening in parts. Home builders broke ground on new-home construction at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.16 million in February, that's a 9% decline from the month before and well below levels seen last year. Home prices grew at the slowest pace in more than six years, with the S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller 20-city index rising at a seasonally adjusted rate of 0.2% in January, compared with December. In corporate news, shares of Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.99% finished off by more than 1% after a judge ruled that the iPhone marker infringes a Qualcomm Inc. QCOM, -2.47% patent. Markets have been on edge after Friday saw the yield-curve inversion manifest for the first time since 2007 and as yields have remained lower. Bond prices and yields move inversely. A Federal Reserve that has signaled that it may hold off on further rate hikes in 2019 has helped to foster the current environment of ultralow yields, market experts say.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "S&P 500, Nasdaq snap 2-session skid but 10-year Treasury yield at multiyear low keeps stocks in check"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/these-red-flags-will-tell-you-when-its-time-to-sell-the-stock-rally-bank-of-america-merrill-lynch-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 9:51 a.m. ET", "article": "It has been a slow grind higher for stocks this week, but who\u2019s complaining?The Nasdaq is set for a 3% gain on the week, besting the Dow and S&P 500, which aren\u2019t looking too shabby themselves, with respective rises of 1% and 2%-plus so far. Remember that the Dow has been weighed down by almost daily bad news for aircraft manufacturer and defense contractor Boeing.Overall, though, it\u2019s not too bad a picture for investors, even if they remain wary of what will happen next with the global economy, the trade and tariffs story, and the coming earnings season. And that buzzing in their ears that the post-Christmas bounce for stocks has gone a little too far, too fast.So when do you hit the sell button on this rally, if ever? It\u2019s a tough one, as lots of strategists have different opinions.Enter our call of the day from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, whose weekly \u201cFlow Show\u201d note to clients has some fairly straightforward answers on when it will be clear that investors have gotten too bullish on stocks \u2014 and that it\u2019s time to bail out.\u201cWhen the BofAML Bull & Bear Indicator moves above 8; the following three drivers would push the indicator toward \u2018excess bullishness\u2019 in the next 4-6 weeks,\u201d say the strategists.The indicator they refer to is the green-and-red sentiment scale below, with the big arrow in the middle that swings from 1 to 10 \u2014 extreme bear to extreme bull. It slipped back to \u201cneutral territory\u201d between 4.6 and 4.9 last week.And here are the drivers the strategists there are looking out for:\u2022 Equity inflows of more than $50 billion in the next four weeks. (The most recent week\u2019s data showed equity inflows of $14.2 billion, the biggest in a year. That breaks down to $27.4 billion for exchange-traded funds with $13.1 billion moving out of mutual funds.)\u2022 Investor cash levels dropping to below 4.5% and equity allocation jumping from over 6% to 30%. They pull that data from the bank\u2019s fund-manager survey, due out next Tuesday. February\u2019s survey showed cash levels among managers dropping to 4.8% from 4.9%.\u2022 Hedge-fund positioning via CTFC data show managers going long on riskier assets from a current position of neutral.As well, the bank says it\u2019s also watching out for these signals: when a combination of higher U.S. jobless claims and credit spreads \u201cindicate recession and debt deflation,\u201d or when higher Treasury yields and a lower dollar point to inflation and a policy mistake by the Fed.So far this morning, the sell button is definitely not being activated. Hints of economic stimulus out of China might be helping out. And don\u2019t forget it\u2019s a quadruple-witching Friday \u2014 with simultaneous index-options expirations \u2014 which some say could trigger a late-month swoon for stocks.The Dow DJIA, -0.02% S&P 500 SPX, -0.11% and Nasdaq COMP, -0.16% are all a bit higher in early action.The dollar DXY, +0.09% is lower, while gold GCJ9, -0.40% is higher and crude US:CLJ9  is flat.Europe stocks SXXP, +0.51% are up, while Asia stocks also saw a largely stronger day, with a 1% gain for the Shanghai Composite SHCOMP, +0.85%  after Premier Li Keqiang said the government will do more to help stimulate China growth this year. The Nikkei NIK, -0.23% rose 0.7% after the Bank of Japan left monetary policy on hold.Our chart of the day warns that a key segment of loan activity is in a \u201cdanger zone.\u201d The chart of commercial and industrial (C&I) loan activity comes from Jesse Colombo, analyst at Clarity Financial, providing this chart for Real Investment Advice.As Colombo explains, C&I loans finance capital expenditures or help boost working capital for borrowers, and help signal when an economic expansion is under way. It turns positive two years after a recession, but also provides a warning when an economic cycle is approaching its end.How to determine those loans are at the end? Colombo says, when they are at 10% of GDP or higher, \u201cthat is typically a sign that the cycle is long in the tooth and about to tip over into a recession,\u201d he said, adding that they are currently in that zone.Colombo, by the way, is one of a handful of market watchers given credit for calling the 2008 housing bubble and subsequent market collapse.\u201cWhat has happened in Christchurch is an extraordinary act of unprecedented violence. It has no place in New Zealand. Many of those affected will be members of our migrant communities \u2014 New Zealand is their home \u2014 they are us.\u201d \u2014 That was New Zealand\u2019s prime minister, Jacinda Ardern, in a tweet after a terrorist attack at two mosques left at least 49 people dead.A suspected gunman appears to have livestreamed the attack, with YouTube and Facebook being criticized for not taking the videos down fast enough. Some accounts say one shooter told followers to subscribe to Pewdiepie, a YouTube star who later tweeted of revulsion at being mentioned by the attacker, who also praised Trump in his manifesto.Tesla TSLA, +0.63% CEO Elon Musk unveiled the Model Y crossover SUV late Thursday, predicting that car, with a starting price of $47,000, will sell better than the Model S, Model X and Model 3 combined. Investors seem less than enthusiastic with shares dropping.Opinion: How Tesla\u2019s Model Y has the potential to save the worldFacebook FB, +0.42% is under pressure after the sudden exits of Chief Product Officer Chris Cox and Chris Daniels, head of WhatsApp.The captain of the doomed Ethiopian airliner requested a return to the airport just minutes after takeoff as the Boeing BA, -0.02% jet oscillated up and down by hundreds of feet before crashing on Sunday, a source who reviewed air-traffic communications told the New York Times.The SEC has accused Volkswagen VOW3, +0.89% of \u201cmassive fraud\u201d and misleading U.S. investors, with ex-CEO Martin Winterkorn and two of the automobile maker\u2019s units also charged.Nike NKE, -0.23% could be in focus after Duke player Zion Williamson was back on the court in some custom-made shoes by the company. That\u2019s after a memorable game last month that ended for him when one of his Nike sneakers virtually disintegrated as he fell to the floor with a knee injury.Apple AAPL, +0.94% owes Qualcomm QCOM, -2.47% nearly $1 billion in patent rebate payments, says a federal judge.Amazon AMZN, -0.38% is up after an upgrade to overweight, with a $2,100 price target at KeyBanc Capital markets.Oracle ORCL, -0.32% is down after narrowly beating forecasts, thanks to a bunch of buybacks. Broadcom AVGO, -0.72% is up after earnings came in higher than expected.Fresh data showed the Fed\u2019s Empire State manufacturing survey was sluggish in March. Industrial production came in short of expectations, while surveys on job-openings and labor-turnover and University of Michigan consumer-sentiment are still to come.Bearing winds of 140 mph, Cyclone Idai bears down on MozambiqueDaughters of actress Lori Laughlin, charged in college admissions scandal, drop out of USCStudents around the world are taking to the streets for a global #climatestrike inspired by Swedish teen Greta ThunbergMarvel Studios makes amends after fans protest Danai Gurira\u2019s name being left off \u201cAvengers Endgame\u201d posterNeed to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "These red flags will tell you when it\u2019s time to sell the stock rally: Bank of America Merrill Lynch"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/how-families-deal-with-unexpected-funeral-expenses-after-a-loved-one-passes-2019-03-13": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 7:33 a.m. ET", "article": "Grief came with a shocking financial burden for Atlanta, Ga. native Sal El, 34, whose family struggled to cover the costs of his grandmother\u2019s funeral when she died unexpectedly of ovarian cancer in 2008.Money was the last thing he wanted to think about while he was mourning the loss, but it quickly became the focus.El\u2019s family assumed his grandmother, who was 65 when she died, had life insurance. But they were wrong, and wound up having to pool their own money to cover the cost of her $13,000 funeral. For El, that meant putting aside $300 from his paychecks at Game Stop GME, -0.58% where he was making $11 an hour selling video games.\u201cIt taught me you don\u2019t want to be in a position where you\u2019re not insured,\u201d El said. He and his husband made sure to each get their own policy before they even got married in 2017.\u201cMe and my husband have $2.5 million on each of us,\u201d El said. \u201cWe both have an Accelerated Death Benefit attached, which means if you are diagnosed with a terminal illness or a chronic illness the insurance company will pay out 75% of the policy while you\u2019re still living,\u201d he said.See also: Even if you buy a cheap casket at Costco or Amazon it could cost you in the endThe policy costs $125 a month for a 30-year term, and his partner\u2019s policy costs $145 a month for the same amount of time.El\u2019s grandmother\u2019s funeral totalled slightly more than the average funeral cost in the U.S., which is between $7,000 and $9,000. That includes viewing, burial and basic service fees like transporting remains to a funeral home, a casket and embalming, according to the most recent statistics from life insurance company Lincoln Heritage.The average funeral cost estimates do not include a cemetery plot, tombstone or other preparations like flowers. This can be especially challenging for many families, considering nearly six in 10 Americans don\u2019t have enough savings for a medical, or even an autombobile, emergency.Currently, the median cost of a funeral is $7,360, according to the National Funeral Directors Association. Cremation is significantly less \u2014 between $6,000 and $7,000, according to the same report.Caskets and urns alone can cost thousands of dollars depending on the material used. The price of a casket, for example, runs between $2,000 and $5,000 on average for those that are made of metal or cheaper wood, though some caskets can sell for as much as $10,000 or more when they\u2019re made of more expensive materials.You don\u2019t have to buy funeral items directly from a funeral home. In fact, purchasing items like caskets and urns from outside retailers can save families thousands of dollars. A casket at Costco, COST, +0.30%   for example, can cost as little as $899, and urns start at $89.99.Caskets from Walmart WMT, +0.01%  range in price from more than $1,000 to nearly $4,000. And the lowest prices for caskets can be found on Amazon AMZN, -0.33%   with options at $791 with free shipping through Amazon Prime.A lack of transparency around pricing is another hurdle. A new San Francisco-based startup called Ever Loved is addressing the lack of transparency. It makes it easy for families to compare prices for funeral homes, cemeteries, caskets, urns and headstones in addition to creating a memorial.People who have lost loved ones are thrown into a \u201chigh-pressured situation where they have to plan a funeral and spend thousands of dollars when they\u2019re experiencing shock and grief,\u201d Alison Johnston, co-founder of Ever Loved, said.\u201cWe started Ever Loved as a goal to help people navigate the funeral process,\u201d she added. \u201cSomeone passes away and people have very little knowledge about what they should do and how much they expect things should cost.\u201dSee also: Funeral planning remains an unaddressed marketThe site, Johnston said, was inspired by her own difficult experience understanding and comparing price options when her grandmother was diagnosed with terminal cancer.The Federal Trade Commission implemented the Funeral Rule in 1984, giving consumers the right to choose only the goods and services they want or need so that people can compare prices among funeral homes instead of having to accept a package that may include unwanted items. In 1994, there was an amendment to that rule forbidding funeral homes from charging a handling fee so consumers don\u2019t get charged extra for bringing in their own caskets from a third party retailer.There is no requirement by law for a funeral provider to list its prices online. This can lead to people getting overcharged at the funeral home. Only 25% of funeral homes provided prices online for consumers, according to a survey by the Funeral Consumers Alliance.\u201cThere\u2019s only one reason for that: They don\u2019t want the competition or the price pressure,\u201d said Josh Slocum, executive director of the Funeral Consumers Alliance, a nonprofit dedicated to protecting people\u2019s rights to a meaningful, dignified and affordable funeral.Some funeral providers skirt the rule of having an itemized list by placing it in the back of a book after the list of funeral packages, Slocum said. \u201cYou\u2019ll get a price list that\u2019s 20 pages long and the first 10 pages are all packages and its not until page 11 that you\u2019ll see the itemized breakdown,\u201d Slocum said.Some funeral providers still fail to give customers an itemized list, despite being required to do so, NPR reported in 2017.One of the best ways to avoid getting stuck with an unexpected funeral bill is to have adequate insurance. Insurance experts encourage young couples and families to take out a life insurance policy if they can afford to as soon as they can.\u201cAs a general rule of thumb, anybody who has a stable income can sign up anywhere from age 25 or above,\u201d said Nelson Lee, a managing partner at PacWealth Solutions, an Irvine, California-based financial planning firm.\u201cFor a $200,000 policy for, say, a healthy 35-year-old, that\u2019s likely not going to cost anymore than $20,000 over the course of 20 years. That\u2019d be just $1,000 a year.\u201cIt doesn\u2019t expire and if you live a long life you get to take some out and spend it,\u201d Lee explained. \u201cWe can\u2019t quantify the emotional loss of a loved one, but being financially prepared can take off some of the stress.\u201dGet a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "How families can avoid unexpected funeral expenses"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/expressjet-airlines-a-united-express-carrier-bolsters-pilot-training-capability-with-new-embraer-e175-simulator-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 3:05 p.m. ET", "article": "ATLANTA, March 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- ExpressJet Airlines, a United Express carrier, announced today the addition of its first Embraer E175 full-motion flight simulator at its Houston training complex. The device, designed by FlightSafety International, will further bolster the airline's in-house capability to train more than 250 pilots on the E175 in 2019.\"Adding an in-house E175 simulator reinforces ExpressJet's commitment to become the preferred E175 platform for United Express,\" said Vice President of Flight Operations Greg Wooley. \"We remain one of the select few regional airlines to train pilots almost entirely in-house, and the E175 simulator at our Houston training complex will continue giving us greater quality control and the best possible scheduling flexibility and throughput.\"The E175 simulator joins ExpressJet's two Embraer ERJ145 full-motion flight simulators, a motion-capable ERJ145 cabin trainer and a host of other devices, at ExpressJet's Houston pilot and flight attendant training complex.ExpressJet will accept delivery of its first of 25 E175 aircraft in April and will add three to four aircraft per month through 2019. The initial fleet will operate out of its Houston hub, with a second base location to be announced soon.To support its significant growth, and to backfill the expected advancement of more than 200 pilots to United Airlines through the Pilot Career Path Program (CPP), ExpressJet is hiring more than 600 pilots in 2019 and hosting up to three new-hire pilot training classes per month. Pilots who sign on with ExpressJet can expect a quick selection process, an immediate class date and to bid for flying within three months. Paid training and single-occupancy hotel accommodations are standard. Pilots interested in joining ExpressJet should visit airlineapps.com or expressjet.com/pilots to apply.About ExpressJet AirlinesExpressJet Airlines operates as United Express, on behalf of United Airlines UAL, +2.32% to serve more than 100 airports across the United States, Canada and Mexico, with over 3,300 weekly flights from bases in Chicago, Cleveland, Houston and Newark. ExpressJet's fleet includes more than 110 Embraer ERJ145 and Bombardier CRJ200 aircraft, with 25 new Embraer E175s being added in 2019. ExpressJet pilots enjoy top-tier pay and quality of life and a career path to United Airlines. ExpressJet is a subsidiary of ManaAir, LLC, a minority affiliate of United Airlines. For further information, contact 404-856-1199, corpcomm@expressjet.com.Corporate Communications\nAtlanta, Georgia\n404-856-1199\ncorpcomm@expressjet.comView original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/expressjet-airlines-a-united-express-carrier-bolsters-pilot-training-capability-with-new-embraer-e175-simulator-300815933.htmlSOURCE ExpressJet AirlinesCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "ExpressJet Airlines, a United Express Carrier, Bolsters Pilot Training Capability with New Embraer E175 Simulator"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/husky-energy-prices-750-million-us-offering-of-senior-unsecured-notes-2019-03-13-17184437": {"date": "Mar 13, 2019 5:43 p.m. ET", "article": "CALGARY, Alberta, Mar 13, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- CALGARY, Alberta, March 13, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Husky Energy (HSE) has priced a $750 million US offering of senior unsecured notes. The notes will bear annual interest at a rate of 4.400 percent and mature on April 15, 2029.Husky intends to use the net proceeds of this offering for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, the repayment of certain outstanding debt securities maturing in 2019. Husky may invest funds it does not immediately require in short-term marketable debt securities.J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC acted as joint book-running managers for the offering.The 2029 notes are being issued under an SEC shelf registration statement in the U.S. that became effective on January 30, 2018. The transaction is expected to close on March 15, 2019, subject to customary closing conditions.Copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering can be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk -- 3rd Floor, or via phone, collect, at 1-212-834-4533, from Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at 1-888-603-5847, or by emailing barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com, from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd floor, Charlotte NC 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, or via phone, toll-free: 1-800-294-1322, or by emailing dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com, or from Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, telephone: 1-866-471-2526, or by emailing Prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com.This news release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities, in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.Investor and Media Inquiries:Leo Villegas, Manager, Investor Relations\n403-513-7817Mel Duvall, Senior Manager, Media & Issues\n403-513-7602FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSCertain statements in this news release are forward-looking statements and information (collectively, \"forward-looking statements\") within the meaning of the applicable Canadian securities legislation, Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The forward-looking statements contained in this news release are forward-looking and not historical facts.Some of the forward-looking statements may be identified by statements that express, or involve discussions as to, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, through the use of words or phrases such as \"will likely result\", \"are expected to\", \"will continue\", \"is anticipated\", \"is targeting\", \"is estimated\", \"intend\", \"plan\", \"projection\", \"could\", \"aim\", \"vision\", \"goals\", \"objective\", \"target\", \"scheduled\" and \"outlook\"). In particular, forward-looking statements in this news release include, but are not limited to, references to the intended use of the net proceeds of the offering and the expected closing date of the offering.Although Husky believes that the expectations reflected by the forward-looking statements presented in this news release are reasonable, Husky's forward-looking statements have been based on assumptions and factors concerning future events that may prove to be inaccurate. Those assumptions and factors are based on information currently available to Husky about itself and the businesses in which it operates. Information used in developing forward-looking statements has been acquired from various sources, including third party consultants, suppliers and regulators, among others.Because actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements, investors should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, which contribute to the possibility that the predicted outcomes will not occur. Some of these risks, uncertainties and other factors are similar to those faced by other oil and gas companies and some are unique to Husky.Husky's Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2018 and other documents filed with securities regulatory authorities (accessible through the SEDAR website www.sedar.com and the EDGAR website www.sec.gov) describe risks, material assumptions and other factors that could influence actual results and are incorporated herein by reference.New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all of such factors and to assess in advance the impact of each such factor on Husky's business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The impact of any one factor on a particular forward-looking statement is not determinable with certainty as such factors are dependent upon other factors, and Husky's course of action would depend upon management's assessment of the future considering all information available to it at the relevant time. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made and, except as required by applicable securities laws, Husky undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Husky Energy Prices $750 Million US Offering of Senior Unsecured Notes"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/vitech-to-exhibit-at-the-2019-life-insurance-conference-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 10:29 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 15, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Vitech, a leading provider of administrative software solutions, announced today that it is exhibiting at the 2019 Life Insurance Conference, taking place April 1-3 in Baltimore, Maryland. The conference is jointly hosted by LIMRA, LOMA, SOA and ACLI, and this year's theme \"What's Next? Setting the Agenda for Life\" will examine the key trends shaping the future of selling life insurance.Vitech will be exhibiting its V3 software at the conference. V3 helps carriers improve operations, expand administrative capabilities, and deliver new products and services. V3 also provides online and mobile self-service customer portals for a superior digital customer experience and increased engagement between carrier and customer. V3 can be deployed via V3locity\u2122, Vitech's Amazon Web Services (AWS) based offering, providing for the ease of use, scalability, resiliency, value added feature sets, and security of the public cloud.\"V3 is an award-winning solution that can help insurers effectively differentiate themselves in a shifting market,\" said Jamie Vitiello, Vitech's Executive Vice President. \"V3 is the industry's leading digital platform leveraged by top carriers to prepare for the future of the industry and adapt to changing consumer behavior.\"About Vitech\u00ae and V3\u00aeVitech Systems Group, Inc. is a leading provider of administration software to insurance, retirement and investment organizations. Vitech provides its clients with proprietary enterprise software, related implementation services and ongoing support. For more information, please visit http://www.vitechinc.com.V3 is a highly scalable, configurable administrative platform that addresses the complex needs of insurance, retirement and investment organizations. It is an award-winning, contemporary technology solution available for both on-premise or cloud-based deployments via Vitech's V3locity\u2122 Service, an Amazon Web Services (AWS) based offering.View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vitech-to-exhibit-at-the-2019-life-insurance-conference-300813165.htmlSOURCE VitechCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Vitech to Exhibit at the 2019 Life Insurance Conference"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/berkshire-hathaway-specialty-insurance-introduces-professional-first-asset-management-liability-insurance-in-the-uk-and-ireland-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 6:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance (BHSI) has launched Professional First Asset Management Liability Insurance, which provides broad, clearly worded professional liability, directors & officers liability, and crime coverage tailored for investment managers and funds in the UK and Ireland.\u201cHighly volatile investment and economic markets, coupled with increased regulatory oversight and operational exposures, have made investment managers increasingly vulnerable to claims,\u201d said Tom Dilley, Head of Financial Institutions, BHSI in the UK. \u201cOur Professional First Asset Management Liability policy provides investment managers and funds in the UK and Ireland with comprehensive, customizable protection, backed by marketing-leading financial strength and claims handling expertise.\u201dThe new policy encompasses a variety of professional services and can be tailored to suit different investment structures and investment classes. It provides security for directors and officers for claims arising from wrongful acts in the management of the company or fund, and a dedicated tower of limits for Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (AIFMD) related losses. The policy also provides additional limits for non-executive directors, unlimited lifetime cover for retired directors and officers, and comprehensive crime coverage.BHSI\u2019s Professional First suite of professional liability products is designed to provide clear, current and customizable coverage for the risks of financial and commercial firms. BHSI will be expanding the suite with additional products in the UK and Ireland in 2019.For more information on BHSI\u2019s Financial Institutions products in the UK and Ireland, contact Tom Dilley at Thomas.dilley@bhspecialty.com or +44 203 429 4921 or Caoimhe Gormley at Caoimhe.gormley@bhspecialty.com or +353 1 246 7231.In Europe, Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance operates as part of Berkshire Hathaway International Insurance Limited (BHIIL), an incorporated England and Wales limited liability company, Registration Number 3230337 and Registered Office at 8 Fenchurch Place, 4th Floor, London EC3M 4AJ, United Kingdom. BHIIL is an affiliate of Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Company (BHSIC) ( www.bhspecialty.com ), which provides commercial property, marine, casualty, healthcare professional liability, executive and professional lines, surety, travel, programs, medical stop loss and homeowners insurance. BHSIC and BHIIL are part of Berkshire Hathaway's National Indemnity group of insurance companies, which hold financial strength ratings of A++ from AM Best and AA+ from Standard & Poor's. Based in Boston, BHSIC has offices in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Houston, Indianapolis, Irvine, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, San Ramon, Seattle, Stevens Point, Auckland, Brisbane, Dubai, Dublin, Du\ufffd^sseldorf, Hong Kong, Kuala Lumpur, London, Macau, Melbourne, Munich, Perth, Singapore, Sydney and Toronto.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190318005159/en/SOURCE: Berkshire Hathaway Specialty InsuranceJoAnn Lee / +1 617-936-2937Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Introduces Professional First Asset Management Liability Insurance in the UK and Ireland"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-selling-partner-conferences-sell-out-in-six-weeks-with-1800-small-and-medium-sized-businesses-set-to-learn-about-how-to-build-and-grow-their-sales-online-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 8:06 a.m. ET", "article": "Amazon AMZN, -0.10% today announced that its new Selling Partner Summits, a series of six conferences for small and medium-sized business (SMBs) to help them build their business in Amazon\u2019s stores, have sold out in just six weeks. More than 1,800 SMBs are set to attend the nationwide events between March and October. The Summits are part of Amazon\u2019s significant investment to help businesses succeed in selling their products online.Each Summit will feature an Amazon-led educational track, experts lounge, and product labs to help small businesses build and grow their sales in Amazon\u2019s stores. Participants will learn directly from Amazon's experts and meet like-minded Amazon sellers to network, learn, and share success stories. The first event will be held in Ft. Lauderdale, FL on March 26-27. Later in 2019, the Summits will be hosted in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Seattle.\u201cWe are a champion of small business across America, investing heavily to help over a million businesses sell their products in Amazon Stores while creating economic opportunity and jobs for hundreds of thousands of people across the country,\u201d said Pete Sauerborn, VP of Selling Partner Recruitment and Development for Amazon. \u201cAs part of our commitment to empowering small business, these summits are another powerful tool to help them learn how to sell online and grow their sales.\u201dAt the Summits, attendees will have an Amazon-led educational track based on their business model and how long they\u2019ve been selling. The educational tracks are segmented as New Brand Owner, Established Brand Owner, New Reseller, and Established Resellers. Each track is engineered for sellers to walk away from the event with knowledge and insights to help them scale their business and better identify the growth levers that make the most sense for their business.The Selling Partner Summit Series will feature sessions designed to help sellers grow their business, including:Registration for the new Selling Partner Summit Series opened on February 6 [th] and sold out quickly in just six weeks. Amazon has previously hosted events to help sellers including Amazon Academy events across Europe and the Boost Conference in the U.S., specifically for businesses using the Fulfillment by Amazon service.More than half of units sold in Amazon\u2019s stores are from SMBs. The 2018 AmazonSmall Business Impact Report revealed that there are more than one million U.S.-based SMBs selling inAmazon\u2019s stores,and SMBs are estimated to have created more than 900,000 jobs worldwide to support their sales through Amazon. In 2018, more than 50,000 small and medium-sized businesses exceeded $500,000 in sales in Amazon\u2019s stores worldwide, and nearly 200,000 surpassed $100,000 in sales. The number of small and medium-sized businesses eclipsing $1 million in sales in Amazon\u2019s stores worldwide grew by 20 percent last year.To learn more about the Selling Partner Summit Series, visit here.AboutAmazonAmazonis guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment byAmazon, AWS,Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered byAmazon. For more information, visitwww.amazon.com/aboutand follow@AmazonNews.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005129/en/SOURCE: AmazonAmazon.com, Inc.\nMedia Hotline\nAmazon-pr@amazon.com\nwww.amazon.com/prCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Amazon Selling Partner Conferences Sell Out in Six Weeks, with 1,800+ Small and Medium Sized Businesses Set to Learn about How to Build and Grow their Sales Online"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/new-findit-app-will-let-you-share-your-status-updates-from-findit-to-facebook-twitter-and-more-social-networking-sites-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 10:15 a.m. ET", "article": "March 25, 2019 (ACCESSWIRE via COMTEX) -- ATLANTA, GA / ACCESSWIRE / March 25, 2019 / Findit, Inc. a Nevada Corporation that trades under the stock symbol OTC PINK: FDIT owner of Findit.com, a Social Networking Content Management Platform that empowers members to get more out of their current social networking accounts will be launching its revised App that will allow members to create status updates and share them to their other social accounts.Findit's website provides every member and visitor the option to increase their online presence with each and every status update done in Findit by sharing them with your friends on Facebook (FB), your followers on Twitter (TWTR) and more through Findit Right Now, the status update feature in Findit. Members on Findit, as well as visitors, can easily increase their reach by simply sharing their status updates to Facebook, Twitter, Google My Business (GOOG), LinkedIn (MSFT), and other social networking sites. By utilizing the share features offered from each post in Findit, it empowers all members of Findit to gain a wider reach resulting in additional visibility and more exposure from every piece of content they post in Findit. The revised App will allow posts to be shared to Facebook and Twitter either when it launches or soon after. Other social sites will be added on an ongoing basis that allow Findit to post to them from the App and the website.Anyone visiting Findit, even non-members, can see and share status updates to their own social networking accounts. Posts can be done through the Findit website or on your mobile devices with the Findit App.Post below has been shared from Findit to other social sites 4,800 times to date.Image: https://www.accesswire.com/users/newswire/images/539653/5f2cea46-e79b-4c8e-a943-cfde5dbe6aaf.pngFindit to Launch Newly Revised App:The current App is being updated and looks to be live in April of 2019. You can download the current App here and when the revised version is available, members are highly encouraged to update to the latest version of the App at that time.Google Play Findit App Download it NowApple App Store Findit App Download it NowPeter Tosto of Findit stated, \"As we speak to more people that are looking to increase their overall online presence whether it is for their business or their own brand, these people that are posting in Findit see an increase in organic indexing in outside search engines. In addition to Findit, others are seeing more followers on Instagram while others are receiving more traffic to their website. We believe it's critical to our growth to provide useful online tools that couple social media with search that provides tangible results that members can see. Findit is doing this.\"All members on Findit have the ability to post status updates that can include a complete text description, pictures, video, audio file and a link. A Right Now post is similar to a status update in Facebook or a Tweet on Twitter with the ability to include additional content verticals and not be limited by the number of characters in a post. Members have the option to post the Right Now status update instantly, back-date it to fill in their feed, or post-date it to become live in the future.Text: Within the text section, members have the ability to write as much content as they want; Findit does not limit the amount of characters or words that can be used in a post. This is a very important feature for members because it gives them the ability to explain exactly what they want to, without running out of space like on other social networking sites. Moreover, the content within a right now post on Findit is indexed by Findit Search and crawled by Google, Yahoo, and Bing so members that are looking to index under keyword searches can cater their message around what they want to index for.Photos: Findit also gives members the ability to include as many photos as they want in a single post. Photos have become a huge part of social media and whether or not you intend for them to be liked or shared, that is typically what people like and share on social media. Photos on Findit are also crawled by search engines and, because we give members the ability to add titles and descriptions to each photo, photos will often show up organically in searches when you search the title that you labeled the photo. This is a very important feature that we give members on Findit because if they offer goods or services or simply want more people to know about who they are or what they offer, they can begin to show up organically in search engines under images under searches that describe who they are or what they offer, reaching audiences that have yet to hear of them or find them.Video: Findit provides members with the ability to include a video via a youtube link or a vimeo link. This is the third type of content vertical that members can use and is simply an additional way to include more content and more information within a single post, creating a much more aesthetically pleasing right now status update, but also one that provides more enjoyment, information, and entertainment to other members on Findit, visitors to Findit, and to people that see the post on other social networking sites when it gets shared.Audio Files/Music: Members on Findit have the ability to post audio files or podcasts as well as songs to their Findit account. Members can also pull these files into a right now post, where the podcast or audio file will play within Findit. Members can then describe what the podcast is about within the right now status update to give more context to the audio file.Scheduling: Members have the ability to schedule posts into the future, post them immediately, or back-date them to fill in their feed. This is a great feature for members because it gives members the ability to make sure their feed always has content coming live, should they want to have an active right now feed. Creating a single right now posts takes seconds to minutes depending on what content verticals you want to include. Having the ability to schedule posts into the future means you can spend time when you have it, creating content rich right now posts that are scheduled to come live when you know you aren't available to create content. Giving members the ability to future date posts can help them manage their social media content better.Check out Posts being done on Findit and see how they can be shared.Top Stories can be posted in Findit and shared quickly to reach more people.Do You Think It Is Right That Facebook Blocked POTUS Trump Social Media Chief Dan ScavinoPeople Share the Simplest Posts Sometimes and Get The Most Shares.Is Their A Smaller Menu Anywhere Other Than In-n-Out BurgerFindit provides members with a great way to control their brand while getting help from others that can share your post to their social networking account from Findit. Calvin Corzine is a Brand Ambassador on Findit.Remember when you wanted what you currently haveImage: https://www.accesswire.com/users/newswire/images/539653/31b402e0-dceb-4554-b07d-bb94a8cbe9bd.pngFindit offers a safe place for everyone to create their content and share their story.Ryan Cassata Heads To Austin TexasImage: https://www.accesswire.com/users/newswire/images/539653/41b5ad84-7ed7-4b8c-a556-0b1e65083929.pngBusiness Owners love the ease of posting in Findit and how their posts can be shared and often more importantly indexed in Google.Titan Roofing Offers Charleston Roofing Services To Homeowners and Business OwnersImage: https://www.accesswire.com/users/newswire/images/539653/d13e815c-4a94-4c3a-8ae1-c4104fc0b757.pngWith Real Estate Listings and Vacation Rentals struggling for positioning to get their property noticed adding your listings in a Right Now post helps to put your listing in front of the right people.110 Hampton Walk SE Marietta Georgia 30067 Real Estate Listing by Barb St. Amant of Atlanta Fine Homes Sothetby's International RealtyImage: https://www.accesswire.com/users/newswire/images/539653/6714daa1-3376-48d3-9e3f-c5b8d6599f63.pngClark St. Amant from Findit stated, \"Over the past 9 months, we have been seeing a nice influx of new members using Findit that have come over from Instagram. They each bring their own unique personalities through their pictures and videos that they include in their posts. Findit offers an alternative for both people that want to participate passively in social networking and for those who want to find solutions to expand their social media presence wider and faster. The passive people don't even have to join Findit to see the content posted while the more aggressive people on social that are looking to gain more followers or reach a wider and different audience can post all the content they want and be assertive in sharing the content they post to all of their other social sites to reach a much wider audeince. By providing these options, Findit can attract more members while also having visitors to Findit that do not need to sign in to see the content posted. This is very different from many of the other social networking sites out there where visitors to the sites would otherwise be locked out if they don't have an account or don't login to view content.\"Source: Washington Examiner Facebook blocks Trump's social media chief: 'Why are you silencing me?'Findit has account reserved for President Donald Trump Findit.com/potusIndexing in Search Engines - Every single post in Findit currently can be crawled by any search engine in the world and indexed in Search Results organically. Findit is adding a setting that will allow members to select who they want to share the posts with and if they want them to be public of private. Public posts will be crawled by search engines while private posts will be just that - private. This update is not yet live.Customizing your Findit account with a Findit address in your URL: Findit offers every member the option to have their unique address in Findit. These addresses are currently available under the Keyword URL tab at the bottom of the Findit site in the footer or from your Dashboard when you're signed into your account. A Findit address is exactly that - your unique address on Findit.com.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFHv2ZiFQCEAbout Findit, Inc.Findit, Inc., owns Findit.com a Social Media Content Management Platform that provides an interactive search engine for all content posted in Findit to appear in Findit search. The site is an open platform that provides access to Google, Yahoo, Bing and other search engines crawl content posted in Findit so it can be indexed in these search engines as well. Findit provides Members the ability to post, share and manage their content. Once they have posted in Findit, we ensure the content gets indexed in Findit Search results. Findit provides an option for anyone to submit URLs that they want indexed in Findit search result, along with posting status updates through Findit Right Now. Status Updates posted in Findit can be crawled by outside search engines which can result in additional organic indexing. All posts on Findit can be shared to other social and bookmarking sites that include but are not limited to Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIN and Pinterest by members and non-members. Findit provides Real Estate Agents the ability to create their own Findit Site where they can pull in their listing and others through their IDX account and post listings manually. Findit, Inc., is focused on the development of monetized Internet-based web products that can provide an increased brand awareness of our members. Findit, Inc., trades under the stock symbol FDIT on the OTC Pinksheets.Safe Harbor:This press release contains forward-looking information within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the \"Exchange Act\"), including statements regarding potential sales, the success of the company's business, as well as statements that include the word believe or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Findit, Inc. to differ materially from those implied or expressed by such forward-looking statements. This press release speaks as of the date first set forth above, and Findit, Inc. assumes no responsibility to update the information included herein for events occurring after the date hereof. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated due to factors such as the lack of capital, timely development of products, inability to deliver products when ordered, inability of potential customers to pay for ordered products, and political and economic risks inherent in international trade.Contact:Peter TostoPhone 404 443 3224SOURCE: Findit, Inc., Inc.View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/539653/New-Findit-App-Will-Let-You-Share-Your-Status-Updates-from-Findit-to-Facebook-Twitter-and-More-Social-Networking-SitesCopyright 2019 ACCESSWIRE", "title": "New Findit App Will Let You Share Your Status Updates from Findit to Facebook, Twitter and More Social Networking Sites"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/warren-buffett-says-bitcoin-has-no-unique-value-at-all-2019-02-25": {"date": "Feb 25, 2019 12:14 p.m. ET", "article": "Warren Buffett, chairman and CEO of investment conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway, on Monday took a fresh dig at bitcoin.On the heels of his annual letter to clients, the world\u2019s most famous investor told CNBC on Monday that No. 1 digital currency has no unique value at all, referring to it as \u201ca delusion.\u201dRead: Opinion: Heed Warren Buffett\u2019s warning: Bitcoin is pure FOMOIt isn\u2019t the first time that the Oracle of Omaha has leveled excoriating criticism at bitcoin. In May 2018 he stirred up crypto aficionados when he labeled it \u201crat poison squared\u201d and in January of that year he said, \u201cI can say with almost certainty that they will come to a bad ending.\u201dRead: Warren Buffett says bitcoin will \u2018come to a bad ending\u2019Monday\u2019s comments come on the back of a volatile 48 hours for the best-known cryptocurrency. On Saturday the price of one bitcoin BTCUSD, +2.44%  rose to a two-month high above $4,200, but gains were short-lived as the cryptocurrency dropped more than 10% on Sunday \u2014 its second-largest daily drop of the year.\u201cI\u2019m really sorry it happens because people get there hopes up that something like that is going to change their lives.\u201d Buffett said on Monday. \u201cI\u2019m sympathetic to people that own it,\u201d he told CNBC.Bitcoin is virtually unchanged on the year, but down more than 80% from its all-time high near $20,000 in December 2017.Read: Warren Buffett\u2019s Berkshire disappoints on buybacks and sees stock investments more attractive than dealsProviding critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Warren Buffett says bitcoin has \u2018no unique value at all\u2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/fed-doesnt-want-anyone-paying-attention-to-the-dot-plot-but-here-are-3-things-investors-wont-want-to-miss-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 11:16 a.m. ET", "article": "Since it started in 2011, the Federal Reserve has had a love-hate relationship with its \u201cdot plot,\u201d its graph containing the interest-rate path. These days it\u2019s leaning towards hate.Many of the central bankers have tried to down play the rate hike projections in the run-up to next week\u2019s meeting. But it\u2019s the first thing economists want to talk about when you ask them about the meeting.Fed officials are meeting for two days ending later Wednesday. The central bankers will release a statement and their latest economic forecast and interest-rate projections at 2 p.m. Eastern. Fed Chairman Jerome Powell will cap it off with a press conference at 2:30 p.m.At the Fed\u2019s January meeting, when no dot plot was published, the central bankers engineered a U-turn in policy, telling the market it didn\u2019t know whether the next \u201cadjustment\u2019 in interest rates would be to raise or lower them. This \u201cpatient\u201d stance was justified by a weak global outlook and tame inflation, Powell said.This was a far cry from what Fed officials anticipated in December, when the last dot plot was published. At the time, the median forecast from the central bankers was for two rate hikes. And two Fed officials were penciling in five hikes by the end of 2020.Here are three things that economists said they will be watching for from the dot plot.How many interest-rate hikes will the dot plot project ?The safe bet, favored by most economists, is the Fed lowers the projected path on interest rates to one hike in 2019 and one more in 2020.It would take only 3 officials to cut their outlook for interest rates to lower the Fed\u2019s median forecast down to one hike. It would take 7 officials to move to lower it to zero.Minutes of the Fed\u2019s January meeting show Fed officials broke into two camps about future interest-rate hikes in January.One camp argued that rate increase might be needed only if inflation outcomes were higher than Fed officials expect. However, several others thought it would be appropriate to raise the federal funds rate later this year if the economy broadly performed as expected.Having one rate hike penciled in will be a communications challenge for the dovish Fed. It would contradict the message sent to markets after the January meeting, said Kevin Cummins, senior U.S. economist at NatWest Markets.Powell would have to \u201csoften\u201d the rate-hike projection at his press conference.That\u2019s why Cummins thinks the Fed will somehow get to zero. Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase agrees.Will any Fed officials project rate cuts from current level?The current Fed funds target rate is between 2.25% and 2.5%. In December, no officials projected rates below that level through 2021.Kevin Logan, chief U.S. economist at HSBC, said it is very unlikely any FOMC members would forecast rate declines.\u201cIf they projected lower interest rates were necessary, it would beg the questions why not lower interest rates today,\u201d he said.Investors think there is a greater chance the Fed will end up cutting rates over the next year than raising them, according to the CME Group\u2019s FedWatch tool.The yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, -1.57%   remains 60 basis points off its 52-week high hit last November.Could the Fed blow up the dot plot?Economists think even this is a possibility for next week.\u201cA case can be made for getting rid of it,\u201d Logan of HSBC said.The dot plot was useful when the path of interest rates was always assumed to be higher. It doesn\u2019t work as well when the direction of the next move is uncertain, he noted.Powell said last week he\u2019s asked the FOMC\u2019s communications subcommittee to look at the issue.\u201cI have asked the communications subcommittee of the FOMC to explore ways in which we can more effectively communicate about the role of the rate projections,\u201d he said in a speech to the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research. He didn\u2019t sound like he wanted to scrap the dot plot entirely.See: Powell turns to impressionist art to show limits of the dot plotOther Fed officials don\u2019t seem to agree. Some view its as a \u201cvaluable component\u201d to transparency while others were more critical, noting that the public has misinterpreted the median as representing a consensus view or a pre-set course.Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester said she thinks more should be attention should be paid to uncertainty bands. The Fed includes charts illustrating these bands with its dot-plot forecasts. The bands get wider as the projection horizon extends because the future is uncertain, Mester said. It\u2019s a good reminder \u201cthat policy is not preset,\u201d she said in a speech last month.", "title": "Here are 3 things to watch when the Fed unveils its latest dot plot"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/uber-clears-what-looked-to-be-an-ipo-roadblock-with-20-million-settlement-2019-03-12": {"date": "Mar 17, 2019 9:49 a.m. ET", "article": "A five-year legal odyssey that could have threatened the future of ride-hailing services appeared to end quietly Tuesday, clearing one concern for Uber Technologies Inc. ahead of its initial public offering.A group of Uber drivers settled a class-action lawsuit for $20 million that will net each driver a little more than $2,000, far from the result that many thought could happen when the court proceedings began. The suit, first filed in 2013 by Boston-area lawyer Shannon Liss-Riordan, sought to reclassify Uber drivers as employees \u2014 not contractors \u2014 who would be reimbursed by Uber for necessary business expenses, such as gas and insurance.That goal didn\u2019t last long. The parties reached a settlement deal of $100 million in 2016, but that was overturned by an appellate court. Late last year, an appeals court found that Uber drivers would have to take up any disputes individually with the company, under its compelled-arbitration clause.According to settlement documents filed in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, the 13,600 plaintiffs who did not sign arbitration agreements with Uber could receive on average of $2,206 each, after administrative costs and lawyers\u2019 fees of $5 million. Plaintiffs\u2019 legal fees actually totalled about $5.9 million, according to the document, which compared the latest settlement to a similar case against Lyft Inc., which netted a larger number of plaintiffs \u2014 and about $229 per class member \u2014 in a $27 million settlement that was approved by a federal judge in 2017.\u201cThis settlement will pay approximately six times as much to drivers who are not covered by arbitration clauses as drivers would have received from the $100 million settlement that was proposed in 2016, although to a much smaller group of drivers,\u201d Liss-Riordan said in a statement.Also read: The lawyer looking to kill the gig economyShe added that she is still pursuing many cases against so-called gig-economy companies, and others that \u201cmisclassify workers as independent contractors, in order to save on labor costs and shift the risks and expenses of operating a business to their low-wage workers.\u201d\u201cWe continue to have cases pending against Amazon AMZN, -0.42% , GrubHub GRUB, +0.59% , Lyft LYFT, +0.00% , DoorDash, Postmates, Handy, and many others that are exploiting their workers through this business model,\u201d she said.While Liss-Riordan continues her quest, the independent-contractor model for ride-sharing appears to be a victor. Both Uber and Lyft are currently preparing for their much-anticipated, multibillion-dollar initial public offerings, expected later this year. As part of their offerings, both companies are considering giving some of their early and long-term drivers options to buy shares in the IPO.Read also: Meet the OG Uber and Lyft drivers who could cash in on IPOsThese mega class-action suits had cast big shadows over both ride-sharing companies, with the possible threat to their core business model of hiring contractors as drivers. Uber wisely settled the last remaining portion of the litigation, as it is preparing its legal documents for investors, in the hopes of reducing some of the cases in the worrisome litigation section of its upcoming prospectus. Lyft\u2019s \u201clegal proceedings\u201d section of its prospectus is five pages long, including almost two pages on several unresolved independent-contractor classification lawsuits, including one filed in Massachusetts Superior Court by Liss-Riordan. Uber has not filed its prospectus yet.In a statement, a spokesman said, \u201cUber has changed a lot since 2013. . . We\u2019re pleased to reach a settlement on this matter and we\u2019ll continue working hard to improve the quality, security and dignity of independent work.\u201dWhile the ride-hailing app companies appear to have dodged the contractor-versus-employee issue for now, it\u2019s an important one that needs some resolution. Liss-Riordan and other lawyers who have filed cases against these companies make valid points on the whole gig-economy business model, designed to make money without make big investments in assets or many employees. But for now, the contractor business model looks relatively intact.Want this type of analysis sent to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free MarketWatch First Takes newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Opinion: Uber clears what looked to be an IPO roadblock with $20 million settlement"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/new-cloud-gaming-service-takes-on-tech-giants-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 8:31 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- ABYA\u00ae, an online cloud gaming service that will allow subscribers to play their favorite games in real time at the highest quality from just about any web-connected device, launches an open beta program in the US May 2019www.ABYA.tech.For a small monthly fee, subscribers no longer have to spend hundreds or thousands of dollars on the latest high-powered consoles, gaming-PC's, or highly priced single game discs or digital downloads. As easy as playing a movie on Netflix, users can enjoy the latest games played at the highest resolution with near zero latency on everything from their old smartphones to their big screen 4K TV's.This small startup is competing with the likes of tech giants Microsoft, Sony, Google, and Nvidia in capturing part of the nascent but rapidly expanding market of cloud based gamers. Powered by Amazon Web Services and IBM's Cloud, ABYA has developed a near zero latency platform with proprietary tech. Unlike the competition, including the tech behemoths, ABYA does not require a host of clunky, glitch-prone support software to operate\u2014 it is built on a robust bare-metal design. Compared to virtualization based platforms, ABYA\u00ae has a 23% performance increase in CCU and a 66% lower TCO. ABYA enables users to enjoy 1080p 60 FPS gaming with support for 4K coming soon.In addition to hard-core gamers, ABYA has positioned itself to host millions of casual gamers who've been unwilling to spend money for expensive gaming systems yet hunger to play the leading graphically intense games on their current mobile devices or computers.ABYA is led by: Franco Miceli, CEO, former head of R&D at Plan Ceibal; Waldemar Fernandez, Chairman, has taken several companies to NASDAQ including Interland, now Web.com (WWWW); and Nicolas Jodal, creator of the world renown Genexus platform. ABYA is currently entering its first round of investor financing (abya.tech/ir).ABYA, Inc.  is a New York based company that designs, develops, and integrates technological components to create cloud-gaming solutions and is composed of a team of young engineers who all share a passion for technology and video games.For more information or questions regarding Abya, please contact:\nMichael Fernandez \u2013 211378@email4pr.com - 631 796 3248Sign-up for ABYA Cast Beta at: www.ABYA.tech AbyaCast Teaser Video: https://youtu.be/lstlAnPRN3AView original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-cloud-gaming-service-takes-on-tech-giants-300817948.htmlSOURCE ABYA Inc.Copyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "New Cloud Gaming Service Takes on Tech Giants"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/andrew-graham-launches-sec-registered-investment-advisor-and-fiduciary-firm-jackson-square-capital-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 8:01 a.m. ET", "article": "SAN FRANCISCO, March 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Jackson Square Capital was launched on March 13th 2019. Under the leadership of Founder & Managing Partner, Andrew Graham, the San Francisco, California based firm offers investment management and wealth advisory services through a highly-personalized, client-centric model designed to help clients achieve their individual financial goals. Jackson Square Capital advises over $250 million in assets under management. Graham has over 34 years of investment and wealth management industry experience and is a CFA charter holder. He founded Jackson Square Capital after 17 years as a Managing Director and Portfolio Manager at J.P. Morgan Securities, a wealth management division of J.P. Morgan, which he joined through its predecessors Bear Sterns' Private Client Services in 2002. Between 2000 and 2002, Graham served as a Senior Managing Director at Credit Suisse First Boston through their acquisition of Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette, where he was a Senior Managing Director from 1988-2000. Graham began his career at Dean Witter in 1984.  He will be joined at Jackson Square Capital by Client Associates, Joy Budnik and Michael Cordano, who were part of Graham's team at J.P. Morgan Securities.\"At Jackson Square Capital we take our fiduciary responsibilities very seriously and seek to become a trusted, transparent and reliable ally to our clients,\" said Graham. \"As a privately-held RIA we now have the freedom and flexibility to offer our clients customized plans to safeguard their financial welfare.\"Jackson Square Capital services ultra-high-net-worth families, family offices and corporate executives by providing tailored, high-touch investment management solutions that align with each client's evolving circumstances. The Jackson Square team advises their clients through experience, a commitment to continued learning and constant attention to markets. Graham brings an expertise in Corporate Executive Services, attracting clients who need an advisor that understands the regulatory challenges and risks involved with concentrated equity positions. The firm actively manages tax-efficient investment portfolios according to each client's unique needs and goals. Through in-depth client conversations the team develops and maintains customized plans to achieve client goals. Regular quarterly risk-adjusted performance reviews ensure transparency and tactical flexibility as clients track towards their goals. Jackson Square Capital also advises on estate planning, wealth transfer, retirement planning, tax minimization and philanthropic strategies. Combining custom portfolio management services and exceptional operational services, the Jackson Square team are able to offer fully-customizable investment management and wealth advice that truly puts the interests of their clients first. \"The thorough due-diligence we conducted with the assistance of Joe Agresto an independent consultant while creating Jackson Square Capital led us to retain the consulting services of tru Independence,\" added Graham. \"tru's experienced team of professionals has allowed us to confidently represent our client's interests and improve our fiduciary functionality. Their best-in-class services have given us the compliance and operational peace of mind to service our clients to the high standard required.\"For media inquiries, please contact Tony Kono at (973) 525-6855 or tkono@jconnelly.com.About Jackson Square Capital Jackson Square Capital is a SEC Registered Investment Advisor based in San Francisco, California. The firm was founded by Andrew Graham with a focus on serving ultra-high net worth individuals, senior corporate executives and family offices with an emphasis on offering a fully comprehensive and customized client experience. For more information, please call 415-854-5011 or visit jacksonsquarecap.com.About tru Independence Through uncompromising investment in people and technology, tru Independence delivers a premier consulting and services platform for wealth management firms seeking independence and current RIA firms looking to maximize their core strengths. The firm diligently focuses on and invests in three core disciplines - business consulting, investment consulting and a commitment to drive new business to their partner firms.To deliver open architecture solutions tru Independence leverages their intellectual capital, robust platform and its relationship with best in class vendors/providers. The company's consultative process is defined by simplicity, clarity and transparency, grounded on the belief that its partners can best control their future by maintaining a majority interest in their firm.  Drawing upon decades of industry experience, tru Independence is dedicated to ensuring its partner advisory firms maximize their enterprise value by adhering to the highest level of fiduciary care for their clients. For more information, please call (971) 371-3444 or visit us at www.tru-ind.com.CONTACT:    \nTony Kono\nJConnelly\n(973) 525-6855\ntkono@jconnelly.comView original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/andrew-graham-launches-sec-registered-investment-advisor-and-fiduciary-firm-jackson-square-capital-300814237.htmlSOURCE Jackson Square CapitalCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Andrew Graham launches SEC Registered Investment Advisor and fiduciary firm Jackson Square Capital"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/these-milestones-are-blocking-a-rise-in-the-sp-500-warns-blackrock-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 10:24 a.m. ET", "article": "How to keep the magic going for this stock market?It\u2019s a multi-layered thing, says our call of the day, from BlackRock\u2019s chief equity strategist Kate Moore. In order for the stock market to keep attracting more buyers and build on gains seen since the start of the year, investors will need to work past several big \u201cmilestones\u201d over the next six to eight weeks, she told MarketWatch in an interview on Monday.The first hurdle involves Wall Street\u2019s next big reporting period, just a few weeks away, and to be sure there\u2019s some fear and trepidation out there right now. \u201cWhen companies start reporting first-quarter earnings, that\u2019s going to be a real show-me moment,\u201d Moore said.\u201cIf we get early reporters on the cyclical side, sector bellwethers telling us...activity is OK and expectations have been too low, that could lead to another wave of buying in the equity market,\u201d she adds.Another milestone involves Europe, which Moore reminds us is a big part of the global growth picture. She says investors have been unsettled by persistently weak economic data and signs of civil unrest in places such as France. In short, they want to see things calm down a bit because a slowdown will hit U.S. companies\u2019 globally diverse operations.And China is holding lots of keys when it comes to further gains for Wall Street. It\u2019s not just the trade story that matters\u2014Moore says the market will be happy with a steady stream of tweets and announcements that indicate negotiations aren\u2019t going pear-shaped.She says investors really want to see proof that the country\u2019s recent stimulus measures will start kicking in. That means closely scrutinize retail sales from China, but also coming earnings from its major companies and what executives are saying on conference calls over the next few weeks, says Moore.While that sounds like a pretty long list of demands for a market that had an admirable run since the great Christmas meltdown, it seems investors are just not interested in blind buying.\u201cA lot of the investors within BlackRock and around the street have been using the big rally in stocks as an opportunity to fade some risk, and rebalancing portfolios. I\u2019d be hard pressed to come up with a segment of our clients that was buying aggressively into this risk rally,\u201d she said.Read: Why stocks can continue to rally in short term after investors suffered \u2018parable of the boiling frog\u2019What does BlackRock expect? Moore says she can see a \u201cgrind higher\u201d coming in the second quarter of this year and they\u2019re sticking to an overweight rating on U.S. stocks.\u201cRelative to where we were three months ago, we felt the market was significantly undervalued with too many fears priced in. Now, we feel like the market is fairly valued and would expect the next move comes from earnings, as opposed to valuation,\u201d said Moore.Their highest conviction calls right now are U.S. stocks and emerging markets, with a focus on the \u201cquality earners\u201d in both regions, meaning companies that are being \u201cthoughtful and prudent\u201d about their investment plans and not aggressively increasing capital expenditures. Healthcare and tech are two sectors she likes.Read: Stocks are poised for an 18% hit, warns economist who nailed last financial crisisWith a two-day Fed meeting due to kick off later, the Dow DOW, +1.05%  is aiming at a fifth win in a row, while the S&P SPX, -0.03% and Nasdaq COMP, -0.15%  are also firming up. For more coverage see Market Snapshot.The dollar DXY, +0.08% is down, while gold US:GCU8 and crude US:CLU8 is higher.Europe stocks SXXP, +0.32%  are higher, while Asian equities were weaker across the board.Big tech companies have come a long way in over 20 years, which you\u2019ll see in our chart of the day. The chart from u/TheNerdistRedditor (h/t to Visual Capitalist for spotting) shows market cap of dominant companies over the years.Here\u2019s the setup in 1995, when IBM IBM, -0.16%  and Microsoft MSFT, -0.48%  dominated:Fast forward to 2019 and the company roster has mostly changed up a lot:Here\u2019s the animated version that shows changes through the years. You might have to watch it a few times to really take it. Microsoft, for sure, has hung in there.Canadian regulators say they will re-examine approval of Boeing\u2019s BA, -0.12%  grounded 737 Max after reports of the U.S.\u2019s own probe, on the heels of the recent fatal crash of that jet in Ethiopia.Worth it? Revlon REV, -0.93%  stock tumbles after warning of possibly unreliable financial statements when it comes to 2018 reporting.After proving it can sell recreational pot in Canada, Tilray TLRY, -1.64% plans to broaden out its market.Nvidia NVDA, +0.06%  says Amazon AMZN, -0.11%  will now be using its key data-center chips.Netflix NFLX, -0.06%  CEO Reed Hastings says his company won\u2019t be integrating into Apple\u2019s new streaming service.California Rep. Devin Nunes is suing Twitter TWTR, +0.18% claiming the site \u201cshadow bans\u201d conservatives. He\u2019s also suing two parody accounts, one that purports to be his mom and another his cow, which called him \u201ctreasonous cowpoke.\u201dNetflix NFLX, -0.06%  CEO Reed Hastings says his company won\u2019t be integrating into Apple\u2019s new streaming service. He also said that the company expects to be blocked in China for a long time.Michael Sanchez, the brother of Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos\u2019 lover Laura Sanchez, reportedly sold the billionaire\u2019s secrets for $200,000 to the Enquirer\u2019s publisher.Factory orders are due later this morning, and a two-day meeting for the Fed\u2019s interest-rate committee begins Tuesday. Don\u2019t look for a change in policy, but we might get some details on the plan to stop shrinking its balance sheet.New Zealand PM Jacinda Ardern says she\u2019ll never speak the name of the terrorist who killed 50 and injured dozens.Meanwhile, ISIS broke a six-month silence to urge revenge for those New Zealand mosque attacksTwo sugary drinks a day are killers for womenSesame Street\u2019s desert isle fantasy sparks fierce Twitter debateToy Story 4 trailer has dropped. Rejoice!Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "First-quarter earnings will be a \u2018show-me\u2019 moment for stocks, says BlackRock"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-heart-study-demonstrates-ability-of-wearable-technology-to-detect-atrial-fibrillation-2019-03-16": {"date": "Mar 16, 2019 10:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Researchers from the Stanford University School of Medicine today presented preliminary results of the Apple Heart Study, an unprecedented virtual study with over 400,000 enrolled participants. The researchers reported that wearable technology can safely identify heart rate irregularities that subsequent testing confirmed to be atrial fibrillation, a leading cause of stroke and hospitalization in the United States.The study was launched with sponsorship by Apple, Inc., in November 2017 to determine whether a mobile app that uses data from a heart-rate pulse sensor on the Apple Watch can identify atrial fibrillation. The condition often remains hidden because many people don\u2019t experience symptoms.Key findings from the study include:\u201cThe results of the Apple Heart Study highlight the potential role that innovative digital technology can play in creating more predictive and preventive health care,\u201d said Lloyd Minor, MD, Dean of the Stanford School of Medicine. \u201cAtrial fibrillation is just the beginning, as this study opens the door to further research into wearable technologies and how they might be used to prevent disease before it strikes \u2013 a key goal of Precision Health.\u201dFor the study, each participant was required to have an Apple Watch (series 1, 2 or 3) and an iPhone. The most recent Apple Watch, which features a built-in ECG, wasn\u2019t part of the study, as it was released after the study\u2019s launch. The Apple Heart Study app intermittently checked the heart-rate pulse sensor for measurements of an irregular pulse. If an irregular pulse was detected, the participant received a notification and was asked to schedule a telemedicine consultation with a doctor involved in the study through American Well. Participants were then sent ambulatory ECG patches through BioTelemetry, which recorded the electrical rhythm of their hearts for up to a week.The Stanford principal investigators were Mintu Turakhia, MD, associate professor of cardiovascular medicine, and Marco Perez, MD, associate professor of cardiovascular medicine, and the study chair was Kenneth Mahaffey, MD, professor of cardiovascular medicine.\u201cThe study\u2019s findings have the potential to help patients and clinicians understand how devices like the Apple Watch can play a role in detecting conditions such as atrial fibrillation, a deadly and often undiagnosed disease,\u201d said Turakhia. \u201cThe virtual design of this study also provides a strong foundation upon which future research can be conducted to explore the health implications of wearable technology.\u201d\u201cThe performance and accuracy we observed in this study provides important information as we seek to understand the potential impact of wearable technology on the health system,\u201d said Perez. \u201cFurther research will help people make more informed health decisions.\u201dResearchers from the Lankenau Heart Institute, Jefferson Medical College, the University of Colorado School of Medicine, Cooper Medical School of Rowan University, StopAfib.org, the American Foundation for Women\u2019s Health, and Duke University also contributed to the study.The Apple Heart Study was funded by Apple, Inc.About Atrial FibrillationEach year in the United States, atrial fibrillation results in 130,000 deaths and 750,000 hospitalizations, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The CDC estimates that the condition affects between 2.7 million and 6.1 million people. In addition, another 700,000 people may have undiagnosed atrial fibrillation.About Stanford MedicineA leader in the biomedical revolution, Stanford Medicine has a long tradition of leadership in pioneering research, creative teaching protocols, and effective clinical therapies. Our close proximity to the resources of the university \u2013 including the Schools of Business, Law, Humanities and Sciences, and Engineering \u2013 our seamless relationship with our affiliated adult and children\u2019s hospitals, and our ongoing associations with the entrepreneurial endeavors of Silicon Valley, make us uniquely positioned to accelerate the pace at which new knowledge is translated into tangible health benefits.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190316005006/en/SOURCE: Stanford University School of MedicineDavid Seldin, Partner\nahs@brunswickgroup.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Apple Heart Study Demonstrates Ability of Wearable Technology to Detect Atrial Fibrillation"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/all-30-dow-stocks-trading-higher-in-premarket-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 8:38 a.m. ET", "article": "The 131-point rally in futures YMM9, +0.02% for the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.04% is unanimous Tuesday, as all 30 components were rising in premarket trade. The biggest gainer was Nike Inc.'s stock NKE, -0.65% which rose 1.24%, followed by Apple Inc. shares AAPL, +0.80% which climbed 1.20%. Among other gainers, shares of Boeing Co. BA, -0.21% rose 1.0% and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.04% tacked on 0.9% ahead of the open.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "All 30 Dow stocks trading higher in premarket"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/cushman-wakefield-announces-pricing-of-public-offering-by-selling-shareholders-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:08 a.m. ET", "article": "Cushman& Wakefield plc CWK, +0.28% (\u201cCushman & Wakefield\u201d) announced today the pricing of a public offering of 16,500,000 ordinary shares by certain shareholders, including affiliates of TPG Global, LLC and Ontario Teachers\u2019 Pension Plan, at a price to the public of $17.75 per share. No ordinary shares are being sold by Cushman & Wakefield and Cushman & Wakefield will not receive any of the proceeds from the offering of shares by the selling shareholders. In addition, certain of the selling shareholders have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 2,475,000 ordinary shares. The offering is expected to close on March 22, 2019, subject to customary closing conditions.Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC are serving as joint book-running managers and representatives of the underwriters for the offering. UBS Investment Bank, Citigroup, Barclays, BofA Merrill Lynch, Credit Suisse and William Blair & Company, L.L.C. will also serve as joint book-running managers for the offering. TPG Capital BD, LLC, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Fifth Third Securities, Inc., JMP Securities LLC, China Renaissance Securities (US) Inc., Academy Securities, Inc., Loop Capital Markets LLC, Samuel A. Ramirez & Company, Inc., Siebert Cisneros Shank & Co. L.L.C. and The Williams Capital Group, L.P. are acting as co-managers for the offering.The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus relating to the offering, when available, can be accessed for free through the SEC\u2019s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of the final prospectus, when available, may be obtained from Morgan Stanley& Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: 1-866-803-9204, or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, telephone: (866) 471-2526 or email: prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com.A registration statement relating to these securities was declared effective on March 20, 2019 by the SEC. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or solicitation would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.Source: Cushman & WakefieldAbout Cushman& Wakefield plcCushman& Wakefield CWK, +0.28% is a leading global real estate services firm that delivers exceptional value for real estate occupiers and owners. Cushman& Wakefield is among the largest real estate services firms with approximately51,000employees inapproximately 400offices and70countries. In 2018, the firm had revenue of$8.2billionacross core services of property, facilities and project management, leasing, capital markets, valuation and other services.Forward-Looking StatementsAll statements in this press release other than historical facts are forward-looking statements, which rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events, including whether or not the offering will be consummated. Such statements are also subject to a number of uncertainties and factors outside Cushman& Wakefield\u2019s control. Such factors include, but are not limited to, uncertainty regarding and changes in global economic or market conditions and changes in government policies, laws, regulations and practices. Should any Cushman& Wakefield assumptions or these other uncertainties and factors materialize in ways that Cushman& Wakefield did not expect, actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this press release. While Cushman& Wakefield believes the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements are reasonable under current circumstances, recipients should bear in mind that such assumptions are inherently uncertain. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements or other information in this press release.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005417/en/SOURCE: Cushman & Wakefield plcInvestor Relations Contact\nBill Knightly\nInvestor Relations\n+1 312 338 7860\nIR@cushwake.com\nMedia Contact\nBrad Kreiger\nCorporate Communications\n+1 312 424 8010\nbrad.kreiger@cushwake.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Cushman& Wakefield Announces Pricing of Public Offering by Selling Shareholders"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-logs-more-than-200-point-gain-as-apple-leads-tech-stocks-higher-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 4:01 p.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks ended higher on Thursday as a sharp surge in tech shares helped to lift key equity benchmarks. The S&P 500 spx rose 1.1% to end near 2,855. The Dow Jones Industrial Average djia advanced around 218 points to end around 25,964, based on preliminary numbers. The Nasdaq Composite comp climbed 1.4% to finish around 7,839. Equities bounced back from early weakness on Thursday after the Federal Reserve's March meeting showed the central bank had trimmed its projections for interest rates this year from two to none. China's commerce ministry confirmed Thursday that U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin would visit China next week. In company news, shares of Apple Inc. aapl climbed 4.2% after Needham rated the iPhone maker as a \"strong buy.\"Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Dow logs more than 200-point gain as Apple leads tech stocks higher"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/create-the-future-design-contest-open-for-entries---20000-grand-prize-2019-03-06": {"date": "Mar 6, 2019 8:42 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- The \"Create the Future\" Design Contest (www.createthefuturecontest.com) is now open for submissions and runs through July 1, 2019. The world's premier engineering design competition brings together engineers, entrepreneurs, and students to find solutions that benefit society and the economy. Contestants are given the opportunity to showcase their ingenuity along with sound engineering design principles for a chance to win a grand prize of $20,000 USD.  COMSOL and Mouser Electronics are the principal sponsors of the contest, produced by Tech Briefs Media Group, an SAE International Company.Now in its 17 [th] year, the \"Create the Future\" Design Contest has helped stimulate and reward engineering innovation and has brought attention to thousands of product designs that have increased quality of life, improved healthcare, and helped to reduce dependence on non-renewable energy sources.   Contestants can enter for free, either as an individual or as a team. An independent panel of industry professionals will judge the entries. Web site visitors are invited to vote for their favorite entry. For more information on the official contest rules, go to www.createthefuturecontest.com.  About COMSOL COMSOL is a global provider of simulation software for product design and research to technical enterprises, research labs, and universities. Its COMSOL Multiphysics\u00ae product is an integrated software environment for creating physics-based models and simulation applications. A particular strength is its ability to account for coupled or multiphysics phenomena. Add-on products expand the simulation platform for electromagnetics, structural, acoustics, fluid flow, heat transfer, and chemical applications. Interfacing tools enable the integration of COMSOL Multiphysics\u00ae simulations with all major technical computing and CAD tools on the CAE market. Simulation experts rely on COMSOL Compiler\u2122 and COMSOL Server\u2122 to deploy applications to their design teams, manufacturing departments, test laboratories, and customers throughout the world. www.comsol.comAbout Mouser ElectronicsMouser Electronics, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is an award-winning, authorized semiconductor and electronic component distributor focused on rapid New Product Introductions from its manufacturing partners for electronic design engineers and buyers. The global distributor's website, Mouser.com, is available in multiple languages and currencies and features more than 5 million products from over 750 manufacturers. Mouser offers 23 support locations around the world to provide best-in-class customer service and ships globally to over 600,000 customers in more than 220 countries/territories from its 750,000 sq. ft. state-of-the-art facility south of Dallas, Texas. For more information, visit www.mouser.com.For Information Contact:\nDebbie Rothwell\nDirector of Marketing\nTech Briefs Media Group\n212-490-3999\nFacebook | Twitter | LinkedIn View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/create-the-future-design-contest-open-for-entries---20-000-grand-prize-300807178.htmlSOURCE Tech Briefs Media GroupCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Create the Future Design Contest Open for Entries - $20,000 Grand Prize"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/my-husband-grew-up-dirt-poor-and-doesnt-believe-in-insurance-or-banks-yet-he-racked-up-7000-on-my-credit-card-2018-12-05": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 10:51 a.m. ET", "article": "Dear Moneyist,My husband and I grew up dirt poor \u2014 I mean he literally had holes in the floor where you could see the dirt. I was fairly better off, my single mother had been expected to marry and have no need for understanding how things like credit worked (her father was a loan officer; it was a different time). At times, we had a little money and, at other times, we ate at the local churches.As a result, my husband and I suffer the same affliction. We were given occasionally some pocket change to buy treats, candy, chips, sodas, etc. This is the only time money would cross our fingertips, and it would be gone within minutes to an hour. Bottom line \u2014 we only know how to spend and not how to save. We only \u201clive for the moment\u201d when it comes to finances.\u2022 We are coming up on our 10th wedding anniversary.\u2022 We have an 11-year-old son.\u2022 Between us we have 3 teenage children from previous relationships that do not live with us.\u2022 We live in Texas.\u2022 We have no life insurance or \u201csavings,\u201d and we rent the condo we live in.\u2022 Our only assets are in a sock drawer.Also see: My husband is unemployed \u2014 we are shamefaced tipping our doormen a pittanceMy husband doesn\u2019t believe in \u201ccredit\u201d (\u201dit\u2019s all made up numbers\u201d). He also doesn\u2019t believe that we can afford life insurance \u2014 even though we dine out several times a week. My husband doesn\u2019t have a bank account and the man owns a sub-contracting company. (Literally, he cashes checks in a strip mall for outrageous fees, and who knows where that money goes.)About 2.5 years ago we bought a property in the woods near a lake, set a small cabin on it, and this is where my husband wishes to retire. It\u2019s valued at $38,000, we owe $29,000. We live in a vacation destination city and in 5 or 10 years, we won\u2019t be able to afford to any more. We have racked up $10,000 in credit-card debt after my husband suffered a fall and broken bones last year.Don\u2019t miss: I earn $15 an hour and will inherit $150,000 \u2014 how do I secure my future?We apparently don\u2019t believe in health insurance either. We are both in poor health, we pay cash for our son\u2019s dental and doctor visits, and because I\u2019m a satisfactory degree of Native American descent, my son and I can run up to Oklahoma for major health needs for free if needs be. I did have to go to the ER last year. I pay $30 per month toward that bill, there\u2019s no interest on the account so I can take my time paying it off. My husband does not pay his medical debt.I was pre-law in college. I\u2019ve always believed in educating oneself to the fullest extent possible no matter your life\u2019s situation \u2014 and so I\u2019ve been reading your letters for years and researching ways to improve my situation for months.\u2022 I do believe in saving a little money even if you don\u2019t make very much. (And I have about $400 saved in a money-market account I opened 2 months ago. Believe me, this is a big deal.)\u2022 I do believe that the poorest people need life insurance the most. (Ever watch \u201cA Tree Grows in Brooklyn\u201d? That mother paid the life insurance man before she put food on the table!)\u2022 I also believe in investing what little you have, even if it\u2019s a small amount of money you were going to spend at the Chili\u2019s Restaurant. I have a Betterment account being used as an additional savings vehicle because over the course of many years, certain bonds and funds tend to be a safe place to keep money, and occasionally grow it by a couple of percent, which is a little better than the money market account.See: I received $500 from an insurer for damage to my car \u2014 can I spend it on me?I also have a Robinhood account where I have deposited a minuscule amount of money for investment testing, which I will only be doing after massive amounts of research on the TD Ameritrade platforms on the account. I\u2019m not going for day trading or swing trading, just looking for possible safe-ish opportunities with minimal risk patterns and possible small growth.\u2022 I don\u2019t believe in giving children money to buy themselves something you would buy them. (If I want my son to have an ice cream I buy him one. If I hand him dollars they go in the \u201cbank\u201d I\u2019ve set up for him at home complete with a check register. We\u2019ve been doing this for 4 years. Occasionally, he will spend money on a big ticket item. Recently, he bought a $30 book.) I don\u2019t believe in \u2019disposable income.\u201d\u2022 My company is starting a 401(k) program with Mass Mutual with a 25% match. (It\u2019s not a lot, but free money is free money. Sadly, as the beneficiary I think my husband would have to sign for it.)\u2022 $7,000 of that credit-card debt we racked up is on my credit cards \u2014 and I only make $12 per hour.\u2022 My husband always said no to savings and investment \u2014 so he is unaware of any accounts mentioned.\u2022 Like I said, we are in poor health and need life insurance if anything, but that\u2019s not something I can get for him on my own. Our youngest child is only 11.Do I enroll in the 401(k) or do I wait until I get the credit-card debt paid down? Can I get a life insurance policy on my husband without his permission? Even maybe final expense? (Oh, I have an AD&D policy for $50,000 for me and $25,000 for my spouse or child, with my sister as the beneficiary. It costs me $10 per month.You see what I mean about affordability? She is also the trusted contact for every other account, because she understands I\u2019m trying to protect just a little of our money from the wasted dollars we spend every month. )I know any earnings I could see on investment is nothing compared to credit-card interest, which I have been charged with paying off all by myself.Basically, I don\u2019t have a plan. And I need one. Help. Thank you.Secret SaverDear Saver,Your case is a classic, the classic, example of why you should discuss your approach to finances before you get married. It doesn\u2019t just impact your happiness, it has multiple effects on your peace of mind, your children\u2019s future, their education, your ability to retire early or at all, insurance against the kind of health emergency that can bankrupt families and cost them their home.Recommended: Should I spend my daughter\u2019s $100,000 trust fund on private schools and ballet classes?Out-of-pocket health costs for elderly Americans aged 65 and over who use Medicare ate up approximately 41% of the average Social Security income in 2013, according to nonprofit organization Kaiser Family Foundation. It expects such costs will soar to 50% of the average social security income by 2030. We are all temporarily abled. As we age, that changes. You need a plan.Keep contributing to your 401(k) plan. Your husband does not have to sign as a beneficiary. You don\u2019t even have to name your husband as a beneficiary. You husband may be beyond hope, but explain to him that for someone who doesn\u2019t believe in debt, he shouldn\u2019t have racked up $7,000 on your credit card. This should be your No. 1 priority. The interest will continue to pile up.Allow me to put your credit-card debt into perspective. A $7,000 credit balance with an 18% annual rate, with a minimum payment of 2% of the balance, or $10, whichever is greater, would take 188 months or just nearly 16 years to pay off. Making minimum payments on your credit card is a long road to nowhere, and making no payments will lead to debt collectors and more stress.You could sit down with your husband to explain how you would like to plan for the future. I don\u2019t know what kind of childhood or upbringing he had that has made him so distrustful of institutions, but he needs to see the consequences of his actions in black and white. If that fails, go ahead and keep making your own plans and never allow him to make purchases on your credit card again.Another tip from a financial adviser. Tristan Harding, director of insurance at PNC Wealth Management, asks you to discuss your health issues with a trusted professional and consider life insurance. \u201cThe life insurance benefit would be able to pay off your credit-card debt and be used as income replacement for your husband\u2019s income at least until your son is no longer a dependent.\u201dKeep instilling your financial values in your children. More than one-fifth of American teens lack basic financial literacy skills. China had the most financially literate teens in the world, when evaluating 15-year-old students\u2019 knowledge in science, reading and mathematics across 15 countries. The U.S. ranked No. 7. Teaching your children to work for what they have is invaluable.The current administration is rolling back Obamacare or the Affordable Care Act that would help people with low incomes and pre-existing health conditions. If you don\u2019t have health insurance through your job, you can read more here about the benefits in Texas and here for cheaper options and Medicaid. There is a legislative effort in Texas to kill the Affordable Care Act.There was a heated and robust discussion of your question on the Moneyist Facebook Page. One member described your husband as an \u201coff the grid\u201d guy. He has genuine fears about institutions and bank accounts. Given the number of data breaches, who could blame him. But living paycheck-to-paycheck is not the answer. Somehow, with the help of family, you have to help him see that.The difficult news: There may come a point where your love for your husband and your need to secure your future become mutually exclusive choices. I believe you have the willingness and obviously the intelligence to build a financial future for you and your children. When you have done everything that you believe can be done, that is a decision you may have to make.Two more things: Good luck. Stay in touch.Do you have questions about inheritance, tipping, weddings, family feuds, friends or any tricky issues relating to manners and money? Send them to MarketWatch\u2019s Moneyist and please include the state where you live (no full names will be used).Would you like to sign up to an email alert when a new Moneyist column has been published? If so, click on this link.Hello there, MarketWatchers. Check out the Moneyist private Facebook group, where we look for answers to life\u2019s thorniest money issues. Readers write in to me with all sorts of dilemmas: inheritance, wills, divorce, tipping, gifting. I often talk to lawyers, accountants, financial advisers and other experts, in addition to offering my own thoughts. I receive more letters than I could ever answer, so I\u2019ll be bringing all of that guidance \u2014 including some you might not see in these columns \u2014 to this group. Post your questions, tell me what you want to know more about, or weigh in on the latest Moneyist columns.Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "My husband grew up dirt poor and doesn\u2019t believe in insurance or banks, yet he racked up $7,000 on my credit card"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/altigo-products-named-amazons-deal-of-the-day-on-friday-march-22-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "Altigo, a leading online mobile accessories brand that pairs popular technology with attractive design, today announced that a wide a variety of products in its portfolio will be listed as Amazon\u2019s \u201cDeal of the Day.\u201d The promotion, which will offer consumers massive discounts across audio, power and device protection products, will begin at 12:00 a.m. PDT and end at 11:55 p.m. PDT on Friday, March 22. Altigo products included in the \u201cDeal of the Day\u201d will be:This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190321005149/en/Images for the products included in the Amazon \u201cDeal of the Day\u201d can be found here. For more information please visit www.amazon.com/altigo.About AltigoAltigo is a mobile accessories brand that provides popular technology and beautiful design, enabling consumers toenjoy their mobile digital experiences free of interruptions. Altigo seeks to empower people to live a more immersive and enjoyable mobile lifestyle. Altigo products are available online exclusively at Amazon . For more information please follow us on Facebook , Twitter or Instagram (@altigoproducts).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190321005149/en/SOURCE: AltigoPress contact: (FOR MEDIA ONLY)\nHeath Meyer\nZM Communications\nEmail:pr@zmcommunications.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Altigo Products Named Amazon\u2019s \u201cDeal of the Day\u201d on Friday, March 22"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-yield-curve-inverted-here-are-5-things-investors-need-to-know-2019-03-24": {"date": "Mar 24, 2019 5:00 p.m. ET", "article": "A closely watched measure of the yield curve inverted Friday, underlining worries about economic growth and rattling the stock market. But investors might be pushing the panic button a bit prematurely. See full story.The falling 30-year mortgage rate could reverse and hit 6% in the second half of next year despite big constraints on demand among home buyers. See full story.Mark Zuckerberg, the co-founder and chief executive of Facebook Inc., seems increasingly alone at the top of his company with the departure of two key executives last week, after his privacy pivot. See full story.A petition to stop Brexit hits a milestone on the same day over 1 million anti-Brexit protesters flood London streets, demanding a new vote. See full story.Will one hold on to the NCAA\u2019s Sweet 16? See full story.The iPhone maker this week rolled out its second-generation wireless AirPods. See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free After the Bell newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "The yield curve inverted \u2014 here are 5 things investors need to know"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-some-investors-say-tech-stocks-are-becoming-less-risky-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 9:46 a.m. ET", "article": "The technology sector has long been thought of as the classic cyclical investment, with tech companies typically selling nonessential products and services to businesses and consumers and their stocks often supported by high revenue growth projections that come undone during economic downturns.But according to some investors and analysts, market participants are beginning to re-evaluate just how cyclical the information technology sector remains, following changes last year to the widely used Global Industry Classification Standard\u2014which removed highflying growth companies like Facebook Inc. FB, +0.27% and Netflix Inc. NFLX, -0.26% from the info tech sector \u2014 and changing business models in the software industry.\u201cThe tech sector isn\u2019t as cyclical as it used to be,\u201d Dave Lafferty, chief market strategist at Natixis Investment Managers told MarketWatch. He said that while semiconductor stocks remain classic cyclical investments, the rest of the information technology sector \u2014 the software and services and technology hardware and equipment industries \u2014 have become less cyclical as a result of changes to corporate needs, business models, and maturation of companies once seen as growth names.At the same time, some market veterans argue that the notion the tech sector is no longer cyclical smacks disturbingly of the same mentality that prevailed in the latter days of the technology bubble that burst in March 2000.Meanwhile, the evolving perception of the information technology sector appeared to contribute to the leadership role it\u2019s displayed since the market\u2019s recent lows on Dec. 24. Since then, the sector has gained 20.2%, outperforming the other 10 S&P 500 sectors, as measured by the Technology Select Sector SDPR ETF XLK, -0.19% even as investors have begun to worry that the economy nearing the end of the current business cycle. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.15% has gained 19.5% over the same period.According to Norm Conley, chief investment officer at JAG Capital Management, that outperformance can\u2019t just be chalked up to the sector\u2019s sharp decline in the fourth quarter of last year, as it was only the third biggest loser during that stretch.\u201cEven as we\u2019ve had more questionable economic data, you see tech picking up the slack,\u201d he noted. \u201cThese stocks are bit more immune to the economic cycle than they were 10 years ago, because many software companies have moved to a subscription-based revenue model,\u201d he added, referring to the trend in the tech sector of providing \u201csoftware as a service,\u201d which leads to more steady revenue streams that one-off purchases.\u201cEnterprise software used to be a big-ticket deployment. If you were going to deploy Oracle or get everyone Adobe, those were big one-time investments\u201d that would be foregone during economic downturns. The subscription model, plus American corporations\u2019 growing dependence on enterprise software, will make a downturn less harmful for these companies, Conley said.Brad Sorensen, managing director of sector analysis at Charles Schwab agreed that the information technology sector has become less cyclical, though he says confusion abounds as to what investors are talking about when they talk tech. \u201cPeople lump Facebook, Google, and Netflix into discussion of the tech rally, but those names aren\u2019t in the tech sector anymore,\u201d following the September GICS shake-up that placed those companies in the communication services sector.\u201cThe info tech sector is still on the cyclical side of the spectrum,\u201d Sorensen said, \u201cbut investors are beginning to recognize that it is more defensive than in the past.\u201dTo be sure, this isn\u2019t the first time that investors have claimed the end to tech\u2019s cyclicalilty. Richard Bernstein of Richard Bernstein Advisors lamented in a Thursday research note that market participants were being lulled into a false sense of security by arguments that the info tech sector has become so ingrained in the modern economy that it is more recession resilient.\u201cAnyone who lived through the late-1990s tech bubble is probably cringing now,\u201d wrote Bernstein. \u201cThe basic principals of economics and don\u2019t have a subparagraph saying \u2018this holds for every industry except for technology.\u2019\u201dIn an interview with CNBC, Bernstein said the notion that tech is no longer cyclical echoes tech-bubble-era arguments that it\u2019s \u201csomething new. It\u2019s something different. And, that\u2019s sounding a bit like March 2000.\u201dRead: Longtime market bull sees unsettling parallel between today and March 2000In his note, Bernstein pointed to Apple Inc. as a classic example of a cyclical stock that makes up more than 15% of the Info Tech sector. He pointed out that the average price of an iPhone, at between $750 and $1,000, is higher than the average price of a dishwasher or a washer-dryer combination.\u201cAppliances are considered durable goods, and consumers don\u2019t mind paying higher prices because they mentally amortize the cost over the appliance\u2019s anticipated 15-20 year lifespan,\u201d he wrote. \u201cMobile phones rarely have a lifespan of even 5 years, but consumers are expected to pay durable goods prices for a nondurable good. Such odd economics might work when employment is strengthening, but seem unlikely to work should employment cyclically weaken at some point.\u201dSorensen pushes back by arguing that Apple and other info tech stocks like Microsoft Inc. MSFT, -0.51% and Visa Inc. V, -0.11% have been returning much more cash to shareholders than tech companies did in the past, potentially blunting the cyclicalilty of their revenues.\u201cWe have seen tech sector companies increase their dividend payments,\u201d Sorensen said, \u201cwhich may become a larger part of total equity return in the near term, while they have also increased share buybacks, which helps to reduce available shares to be purchased.\u201dMeanwhile, average investors may just be confused by talk about \u201ctech\u201d stocks, given the removal of companies like Facebook, Google parent Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -0.63% from the info tech sector and Amazon Inc.\u2019s AMZN, -0.48% classification as a consumer discretionary stock. These high growth firms remain highly cyclical, presenting a more upside alongside more risk.For instance, the NYSE FANG+ Index NYFANG, +0.16% \u2014 which tracks shares of Facebook, Apple, Netflix, and Alphabet as well as other high-profile, high-growth tech names \u2014 rose 37% from its November 2017 inception to its peak in June of last year, while the information technology sector grew just 11%.But those stocks remain far more volatile than the more established information technology sector.Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and mutual fund research at CFRA, told MarketWatch that \u201cthe investing community tends to blur the lines in terms of technology,\u201d lumping in companies across different sectors. \u201cFANG stocks were only half in the technology sector before and are now even less so with the reorganization.\u201dThe confusion is highlighted by the fact that SPDR\u2019s communications services ETF, which does contain Facebook and Google, is just one-third the size of its information-technology counterpart.But as the market continues to adjust to the new classification and evolving business models, Rosenbluth says that info tech ETFs are a smart investment now as \u201cthe constituents offer a mix of growth prospects while having strong balance sheets and records of offering consistent dividends.\u201d", "title": "Why some investors say tech stocks are becoming less risky"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/worldpay-becomes-first-acquirer-to-enable-amazon-pay-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 8:00 a.m. ET", "article": "CINCINNATI, March 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Worldpay, Inc. WP, +0.32% (WPY) today announced it has teamed up with Amazon, making Worldpay the first acquirer enabling Amazon Pay for its merchants. Through this relationship, Worldpay merchants that accept payments in the United States can utilize Amazon Pay, providing an expedited, consistent and seamless online checkout experience.Through Worldpay's API, online merchants can easily integrate and add Amazon Pay to their website. Merchants can now enable Amazon Pay, with Worldpay as both their gateway provider and acquirer. With this integration, Worldpay continues to make it easier for its merchants to manage their business by centralizing all their payment methods into one place, providing consistency in settlement, data reporting, reconciliation and more.\"By teaming up with Amazon, we have an even stronger capacity to enable digital commerce, streamline the checkout experience and drive frictionless payments for our merchants.\" said Asif Ramji, Chief Product and Marketing Officer at Worldpay. \"Consumer adoption of digital payments is growing rapidly and merchants need to keep pace with demand. At Worldpay it's our responsibility to make it quick and easy for our merchants to add new payment options, and enable their customers to pay in the way they want to.\"Amazon Pay makes it easy for millions of shoppers to make purchases online with the information already stored in their Amazon account.\"At Amazon, we are continuously looking for ways to invent and simplify on behalf of our customers,\" says Patrick Gauthier, Vice President, Amazon Pay. \"Working with Worldpay will make it easier for merchants to grow their business by providing customers with a familiar and trusted experience throughout the shopping journey.\"A natural extension of Worldpay's payment processing for Amazon, Amazon Pay is now available to Worldpay customers in the U.S.About WorldpayWorldpay, Inc. WP, +0.32% (WPY) is a leading payments technology company with unique capability to power global omni-commerce. With an integrated technology platform, Worldpay offers a comprehensive suite of products and services, delivered globally through a single provider. Worldpay processes over 40 billion transactions annually, supporting more than 300 payment types across 146 countries and 126 currencies. The company is focused on expanding into high-growth markets and customer segments, including global eCommerce, integrated payments and B2B. Visit us at www.worldpay.com.For more information, please contact: View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/worldpay-becomes-first-acquirer-to-enable-amazon-pay-300815189.htmlSOURCE Worldpay, Inc.Copyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Worldpay Becomes First Acquirer to Enable Amazon Pay"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-berkshire-hathaway-jpmorgan-chase-health-care-venture-launches-website-and-announces-its-name-haven-2019-03-06": {"date": "Mar 6, 2019 4:05 p.m. ET", "article": "Today, the health care organization founded by Amazon AMZN, -0.08% Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.07% and JPMorgan Chase JPM, +0.30% announced its name \u2013 Haven \u2013 and launched a new website at www.havenhealthcare.com.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190306005660/en/\u201cWe want to change the way people experience health care so that it is simpler, better, and lower cost,\u201d explained Haven CEO Atul Gawande, MD, MPH. \u201cWe\u2019ll start small, learn from the experience of patients, and continue to expand to meet their needs.\u201dIn recent months, Dr. Gawande has been meeting with Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway, and JPMorgan Chase employees to understand their health care experiences. He notes in a letter posted on the new website that Haven will be an \u201cadvocate for the patient and an ally to anyone \u2013 clinicians, industry leaders, innovators, policymakers and others \u2013 who make patient care and cost better.\u201d The website also outlines a number of areas to improve upon the current health system, including the difficulty people have accessing care, navigating the complex system, and affording their medical treatments and prescription drugs.In January 2018, the three founding companies announced plans to create this independent organization, now called Haven, which is free from profit-making incentives and constraints. Haven\u2019s focus is the 1.2 million employees and families affiliated with Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway, and JPMorgan Chase across the United States and over time it intends to share what it learns to help others. Dr. Gawande assumed the helm as CEO this past July and assembled a leadership team \u2013 including Jack Stoddard as COO, Serkan Kutan as CTO, Dana Safran as Head of Measurement, and others \u2013 to move the organization\u2019s work forward.\u201cThe good news is the best results are not the most complicated or expensive. Therightcare in therightplace is often more effective and less costly than what we get today,\u201d explained Dr. Gawande.As Haven scales up its operations, the organization is focused on recruiting a range of talented individuals, including software engineers, data scientists, and clinicians to join its team. The company is headquartered in Boston and also has an office in New York.Haven is an independent health care organization founded by Amazon AMZN, -0.08% Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.07% and JPMorgan Chase JPM, +0.30% The company is focused on creating scalable solutions that will create better health outcomes and patient satisfaction, while also reducing costs. More information about Haven is available at www.havenhealthcare.com .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190306005660/en/SOURCE: HavenBrooke Thurston\npress@havenhealthcare.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway, JPMorgan Chase Health Care Venture Launches Website and Announces Its Name: Haven"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/if-youre-tracking-the-sp-500-instead-of-this-fund-youre-leaving-money-on-the-table-2019-03-13": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 9:13 a.m. ET", "article": "ETF investors want low expenses and diversification. The standard play for millions of people saving for retirement is an S&P 500 Index fund, but there are other broad approaches that have performed better than that benchmark.The wildly successful Invesco QQQ Trust is one of the best. And if you are afraid that valuations of the biggest tech stocks are way too high, take comfort \u2014 they are much lower than they were before the dot-com bubble burst in 2000.The S&P 500 SPX, -0.16%  is the index that dominates the ETF industry. The SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust SPY, -0.20%  tracks this benchmark and has $256 billion in assets. So does the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF VOO, -0.16% which has $102 billion in assets. SPY was established in January 1993, while VOO was established in September 2010.The Invesco QQQ Trust QQQ, -0.18%  hit its 20-year anniversary earlier this week and now has $67 billion in assets. The ETF\u2019s portfolio weighting matches the Nasdaq-100 Index NDX, -0.18%Here\u2019s how QQQ\u2019s performance over the past 20 years has compared with that of SPY:You can see the tech bubble-and-bursting action for QQQ in 2000. But over the past 20 years, QQQ has greatly outperformed SPY. Here are average annual returns for both ETFs over various periods through March 12:The Nasdaq-100 Index includes the 100 largest companies listed on the Nasdaq exchange and included in the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.25% excluding financial companies.It is typical for the news media to refer to the Nasdaq Index as the \u201ctech-heavy Nasdaq,\u201d but that term may be misleading, or maybe the term \u201ctech stock\u201d is obsolete.During an interview on March 12, John Frank, Invesco\u2019s QQQ strategist, pointed out that only one of the FAANG stocks is still considered to be a tech stock.The FAANG group includes Facebook FB, +0.25% Apple AAPL, +0.94% Amazon AMZN, -0.48% Netflix NFLX, -0.26%  and Google holding company Alphabet GOOG, -0.63% GOOGL, -0.60% Those companies make up 16% of the S&P 500 and 45% of QQQ.S&P Dow Jones Indices includes Facebook, Netflix and Alphabet in the communications-services sector, while Amazon is considered a consumer-discretionary stock. This leaves Apple as the only FAANG still in the information-technology sector.Then again, just as pretty much every tech company is now a cloud company, it seems that every large company had better be a \u201ctech\u201d company.So the Nasdaq-100 \u201cis large-cap and closer to mega-cap exposure,\u201d Frank said. \u201cThe technology weighting is what people are most surprised about. If you look at the tech weighting over time, it peaked at the end of 2000 at 78%. At the end of 2018 it was 43%,\u201d he said.\u201cHow can your company be successful today without using technology? The idea that you can capture innovation [by focusing on particular] sectors is old,\u201d Frank said. \u201cThe communications sector, for example, didn\u2019t exist back then. Now it is 20% [of the Nasdaq-100 and QQQ], driven by Facebook and Google, which have taken share of consumer-discretionary spending from IT. And Amazon has increased the consumer-discretionary weighting of the portfolio, also taking away from IT.\u201dYou no doubt see headlines in the financial media each day warning that the sky is falling, or that it will do so quite soon. But Frank made an interesting point about valuations of the stocks that dominate the Nasdaq-100 and QQQ: \u201cThe largest five companies in the index at the end of 1998 [Microsoft MSFT, -0.51% Cisco Systems CSCO, +0.11% Intel INTC, -0.04% Oracle ORCL, -0.43%  and IBM IBM, -0.28% ] traded for 77 times trailing income. At the end of 2018, the current big five traded for about 22 times trailing earnings.\u201dGetting back to QQQ\u2019s strong performance over the long term, Frank said many companies held by the ETF \u201chave the advantage of proprietary data that they are able to use to improve service to their customers and increase profitability.\u201dDon\u2019t miss: The best strategy to recover from a stock-market bottom is one you already knowCreate an email alert for Philip van Doorn\u2019s Deep Dive columns here.", "title": "If you\u2019re tracking the S&P 500 instead of this fund, you\u2019re leaving money on the table"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/lubrizol-expands-again-with-new-tpu-line-in-songjiang-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 11:10 a.m. ET", "article": "(GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- News ReleaseLubrizol Expands Again with New TPU Line in SongjiangCLEVELAND, March 19, 2019 - The Lubrizol Corporation announces another new TPU line in its Songjiang (Shanghai) China plant going into production this month, the second expansion in a year aimed at continuous growth in Asia. A ribbon-cutting ceremony was held in February as part of the Lantern Festival which symbolizes unity and perfection in China. This momentous expansion of the Songjiang plant follows the launch last year of a new compounding line. Both expansions are aimed at supporting the company's Engineered Polymers business.Lubrizol has been adding capacity to its global TPU manufacturing footprint in every major region of the world to support the fast-growing demand for specialty elastomers. The new line in China will increase capacity for specialty applications by nearly a third.\"We value the Asian market as a critical region where we can drive future success for Lubrizol,\" states Ms. Jane Cai, regional business director, Lubrizol Engineered Polymers. She continues, \"We have seen strong opportunities and broad growth in Asia and Greater China in recent years, and our continued investment will enable further customization of materials to the specific needs of customers and markets. At Lubrizol, we are focused on improving lives - from consumer lifestyles to the service life of industrial applications. Our strategy and commitment are to collaborate closely with our customers to understand their needs and work quickly to bring innovative solutions that help them differentiate their products in the marketplace.\"Multiple staged investments and expansions are underway at Lubrizol's facilities around the world, in alignment with Lubrizol's ambitious growth strategy. Commenting on this, Gabe Rhoads, general manager for Lubrizol Engineered Polymers states, \"We see a very bright outlook for growth, not just in Asia, but globally. Market trends are well aligned with our innovation and material replacement strategies and we see growing demand for high performance, customized materials and more sustainable solutions. We continue to invest in capabilities and capacity to support our customers and markets, maintaining our position as a reliable, high quality solutions provider.\"- more -About Lubrizol Engineered PolymersLubrizol Engineered Polymers offers one of the broadest portfolios of engineered polymers available today including resins that are bio-based*, recyclable**, light stable, flame retardant, adhesive, chemically resistant, optically clear and fast cycling. Our technology crosses many industries and applications, including surface protection, power and fluid systems, sports and recreation, wearable devices, electronics and automotive. For more information, visit www.lubrizol.com/engineered-polymers or contact engineeredpolymers@lubrizol.com.*Bio-based content as certified under ASTM D-6866.**Recyclability is based on access to a readily available standard recycling program that supports such materials. Products may not be available in all areas.About The Lubrizol CorporationThe Lubrizol Corporation, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is a market-driven global company that combines complex, specialty chemicals to optimize the quality, performance and value of customers' products while reducing their environmental impact. It is a leader at combining market insights with chemistry and application capabilities to deliver valuable solutions to customers in the global transportation, industrial and consumer markets. Lubrizol improves lives by acting as an essential partner in our customers' success, delivering efficiency, reliability or wellness to their end users. Technologies include lubricant additives for engine oils, driveline and other transportation-related fluids, industrial lubricants, as well as additives for gasoline and diesel fuel. In addition, Lubrizol makes ingredients and additives for home care, personal care and skin care products and specialty materials encompassing polymer and coatings technologies, along with polymer-based pharmaceutical and medical device solutions.With headquarters in Wickliffe, Ohio, Lubrizol owns and operates manufacturing facilities in 17 countries, as well as sales and technical offices around the world. Founded in 1928, Lubrizol has approximately 8,700 employees worldwide. Revenues for 2018 were $6.8 billion. For more information, visit Lubrizol.com.All marks are owned by The Lubrizol Corporation.The ribbon-cutting ceremony commemorating the newest TPU expansion at Lubrizol's Songjiang plant and celebrated with the local Lubrizol team.From left to right: Jane Cai, regional business director for Lubrizol Engineered Polymers; Mike Vaughn, Lubrizol corporate vice president of operations, supply chain and HSE&S; Aimin Liu, Lubrizol Asia Pacific vice president of operations.Media ContactsNicholas Galioto+1 216 447.7382The Lubrizol CorporationTracy Tang+86 21 3866 0422Web Siteswww.lubrizol.com/engineered-polymerswww.lubrizol.comThis announcement is distributed by West Corporation on behalf of West Corporation clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: Lubrizol via GlobenewswireCopyright (C) 2019 GLOBE NEWSWIRE. All rights reserved.", "title": "Lubrizol Expands Again with New TPU Line in Songjiang"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/healthcare-ecommerce-market-in-north-america-forecast-to-2022-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 4:11 p.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Drug and Device eCommerce Growth Opportunities in the Changing Paradigm of Healthcare Consumerism\n\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5757687/?utm_source=PRN\n\nHealthcare, as an industry, is entering a phase of rapid transformation.Digitization of products, services, and commerce models is democratizing current healthcare systems and unlocking new previously inaccessible segments.\n\nThe fundamental convergence of healthcare with IT and retail industry continues to shift eCommerce from simple search portals for buying products to the digital marketplace that provides personalized experience and informed purchase decision making.This is manifesting into a new era of healthcare consumerism; today hospital buyers and patients are equally expecting a retail-like buying experience.\n\nFurthermore, as tech-savvy millennials are expected to overtake boomers, in terms of population, in 2019, eCommerce models with personalized UX/UI will be the preferred marketing channels for medical products and services.Entailing this, North America's healthcare eCommerce market for pharma drugs and medical devices is projected to cross $200 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 10% to 15%.\n\nFrost & Sullivan defines healthcare electronic commerce (eCommerce) as \"the application of communication and information-sharing technologies during the process of marketing, exchanging, servicing, buying, and selling of healthcare products, professional services, funds, and information over an electronic network, primarily by phone and Internet connectivity. It combines business and electronic infrastructure which allows traditional business transactions to be conducted electronically, ignoring the physical or geographic boundaries separating them\".\n\nFurthermore, it's critical to understand that, eCommerce is not a software or IT platform feature. It is an evolving ecosystem that digitally-led emerging business models such as servicization, amazonization, uberization, and shared-economy among others.\n\nTrends in both, demand (cost and pricing pressures) and supply side (health consumerization), coupled with increasing competition from non-traditional participants (e.g., Amazon, Ali Health, Apple, and so on) are fuelling the adoption of eCommerce. This compels drug/device Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), wholesalers, GPOs, PBMs, distributors, and retailers to operate differently by leveraging on eCommerce to achieve much-needed operational efficiencies, standardize purchasing process, optimize supply chain inefficiencies, and improve end-user experience. Additionally, digital marketplace scalability provides drug/device companies the opportunity to differentiate with value-add services, such as free shipping, same-day delivery, online payment, product quality certificate, discounts, customer feedback on services, as well as the ability to connect 24x7, which is an important element in the overall buying experience. There is no one-size-fits-all eCommerce strategy for healthcare products. Drug and device OEMs and other supply chain participants should prioritize their eCommerce strategy based on the maturity of their buyers by using a suitable mix of available digital tools for educating, researching product information, and management of order and payment. Apart from drug/device types and purchase volumes, factors such as market positioning, target end user, and reimbursement play a critical role in eCommerce channel selection and success.\n\nResearch Scope\nThis research service analyzes the key trends and developments around healthcare eCommerce with specific focus on the eCommerce market for pharma drugs and medical devices in North America. The study also provides market projections, opportunity analysis by supply chain participants, strategic imperatives, and select industry best practices or case studies, both for pharma drugs and medical device segments.\n\nKey Issues Addressed\n\u2022 What are the macro to micro factors driving healthcare eCommerce trends?\n\u2022 What is the current and expected eCommerce market penetration (percentage) by drug and device sales ($) for the North American region?\n\u2022 What product (drug and device) segments and supply chain participants will be the most impacted by eCommerce?\n\u2022 What are the key factors considered to succeed in the eCommerce strategy by key commerce models for select healthcare products and services?\n\u2022 What will be the impact of Amazon on the healthcare industry? How will the convergence of retail, IT, and healthcare industries disrupt traditional commerce models?\n\u2022 What are the key eCommerce opportunities for drug and device companies? Which are some of the industry best practices (examples/case studies)?\n\nAurhor:\nKamaljit Behera\n\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5757687/?utm_source=PRN\n\nAbout Reportbuyer\nReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers\n\nFor more information:\nSarah Smith\nResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com\nEmail: sarah@reportbuyer.com\nTel: +1 (718) 213 4904\nWebsite: www.reportbuyer.comView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/healthcare-ecommerce-market-in-north-america-forecast-to-2022-300814818.htmlSOURCE ReportBuyerCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Healthcare eCommerce Market in North America, Forecast to 2022"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-launches-private-label-skincare-brand-belei-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:52 a.m. ET", "article": "Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.39% has launched a line of private-label skincare products, Belei. Products are free from parabens and other chemicals, aren't tested on animals and come in recyclable packaging. The line will include 12 products, including a charcoal balancing mask for $18, dark spot solution serum for $22 and a vitamin C moisturizer for $35. Amazon stock is up 18.4% in 2019 while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.13% has gained 12.7% for the period.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Amazon launches private-label skincare brand, Belei"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-unveils-new-airpods-with-wireless-charging-cases-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 8:44 a.m. ET", "article": "Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.87% unveiled Wednesday new AirPods, with faster connect times, longer talk times and hands-free \"Hey Siri\" feature, with a new wireless charging case. The new wireless headphones are available online on Wednesday, and in Apple retail stores next week, for $159 with the standard charging case and for $199 with the wireless charging case. A standalone wireless charging case can be bought for $79. Personal engravings can be added to the new AirPods and charging cases for free on Apple.com and the Apple Store app. The new AirPods announcement comes after the company unveiled new iMac, iPad Air and iPad mini models earlier this week, and ahead of an expected new streaming-video service next week. Apple's stock inched less than 0.1% lower in premarket trade. It has run up 18.3% year to date through Tuesday, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.02% has climbed 11.0%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple unveils new AirPods with wireless charging cases"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/buffett-says-berkshire-overpaid-for-kraft-business-and-was-wrong-in-a-couple-of-ways-about-the-investment-2019-02-25": {"date": "Feb 25, 2019 7:03 a.m. ET", "article": "Warren Buffett Monday morning acknowledged that his Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.28% \"overpaid\" for its investment in Kraft Heinz Co. KHC, -0.33% which saw its worst daily decline on record last week after a number of disclosures that weighed on the company. Kraft Heinz on Thursday wrote down the value of some of its biggest brands by $15.4 billion, disclosed an investigation by federal securities regulators and slashed its dividend. \"I was wrong in a couple of ways about Kraft Heinz,\" Buffett told CNBC during Monday's interview. Berkshire acquired Kraft business in 2013 jointly with Brazilian private-equity company 3G Capital and two years later merged it HJ Heinz. On Friday, Kraft shares shed 27.5% even as the broader Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.18% the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.07% and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.01% enjoyed firm gains on the session. The decline in the packaged goods company comes amid a shift in consumer trends toward healthier options, with declines on Friday resulting in more than $4 billion in losses for Buffett's Berkshire. Still, Buffett told CNBC that he viewed Kraft as a \"wonderful business,\" and argued that it is hard to compete with the food giant. He said \"we paid $100 billion in tangible assets. So for us, it has to earn $107 billion, not just the $7 billion that the business employs.\"Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Buffett says Berkshire 'overpaid for Kraft' business and was 'wrong in a couple of ways' about the investment"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/zoom-files-registration-statement-for-proposed-initial-public-offering-2019-03-22-141955453": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 2:54 p.m. ET", "article": "(GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SAN JOSE, Calif., March 22, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (\"Zoom\") today announced that it has filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission relating to a proposed initial public offering of its Class A common stock. The number of shares to be offered and the price range for the proposed offering have not yet been determined. Zoom intends to list its Class A common stock on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol \"ZM.\"Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, and Credit Suisse will act as lead book-running managers for the proposed offering. BofA Merrill Lynch, RBC Capital Markets, and Wells Fargo Securities will be book-running managers, and JMP Securities, KeyBanc Capital Markets, Piper Jaffray, Stifel, and William Blair will act as co-managers for the proposed offering.The proposed offering will be made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus, when available, may be obtained from: Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at 866-803-9204, or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmorganchase.com; Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, by telephone at 1-866-471-2526, or by e-mail at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, Eleven Madison Avenue, 3rd floor, New York, NY 10010, by telephone at (800) 221-1037, or by email at usa.prospectus@credit-suisse.com.A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission but has not yet become effective. These securities may not be sold, nor may offers to buy be accepted, prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.About ZoomZoom helps businesses and organizations bring their teams together in a frictionless environment to get more done. Our easy, reliable cloud platform for video, voice, content sharing, and chat runs across mobile devices, desktops, telephones, and room systems.Press RelationsPriscilla BaroloManager, Communications for Zoompress@zoom.usInvestor RelationsTom McCallumHead of Investor Relations for Zoom(408) 675-6738investors@zoom.usCopyright (C) 2019 GLOBE NEWSWIRE. All rights reserved.", "title": "Zoom Files Registration Statement for Proposed Initial Public Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-jim-henson-companys-hit-sci-fi-series-farscape-comes-to-amazon-prime-video-on-tuesday-march-19th-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "HOLLYWOOD, Calif., March 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Beginning Tuesday, March 19, The Jim Henson Company's groundbreaking sci-fi series Farscape will be available in the US, UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the Nordics, and several other countries around the world on Amazon Prime Video.  All four seasons in HD (88 x 60'), plus the Emmy\u00ae-nominated mini-series finale \u2013 also newly remastered in HD - will be available. Die-hard fans and sci-fi aficionados can binge, watch, and re-watch the entire award-winning cult favorite that has earned its place in science fiction canon.   Throughout the coming year, fans will have multiple ways to celebrate the 20 [th] anniversary of Farscape, which first premiered on March 19, 1999. In addition to the launch on Prime Video, enthusiasts can expect fan events and various licensing initiatives including a special edition vinyl soundtrack release from Music.Film Recordings and Var\u00e8se Saraband this summer. Collectors can look for products from Chronicle Collectibles, Toy Vault, and Trevco in the coming months. 'Scapers' (Farscape fans) are encouraged to follow the official Farscape social channels using the fan-created hashtag #FarscapeNow for specific Prime Video territory details and any upcoming announcements.\"Farscape is one of my most favorite productions, and I am so honored by the 'Scapers' who continue to love it and share it with other sci-fi fans.  Premiering the series and the beautiful HD remastered mini-series on Prime Video is a great way to celebrate the 20 [th] anniversary with the Farscape community,\" said Brian Henson, chairman of The Jim Henson Company and executive producer of Farscape.Fusing live-action, digital effects, and state-of-the-art puppetry and prosthetics from Jim Henson's Creature Shop, Farscape has been hailed by TV Guide as one of the 25 Best Cult TV Shows.  Emmy\u00ae-nominated and winner of two Saturn Awards, Farscape, created by Rockne S. O'Bannon, was the first original series to air on SYFY.  It went on to gain a loyal international fan following that has propelled multiple ancillary products including comics, collectibles, games, and publishing. Farscape follows astronaut John Crichton who, during an experimental space mission, is hurled across a thousand galaxies to an alien world.  In his quest to return to Earth, he finds himself aboard a starship populated by escaping political prisoners from a variety of alien cultures.  Crichton must rise to the challenge of surviving in a world he barely understands, keeping one step ahead of the pursuing Peacekeepers, a race of deadly mercenaries who will stop at nothing to capture him.The Jim Henson Company\nThe award-winning Jim Henson Company has remained an established leader in family entertainment for over 60 years and is recognized worldwide as an innovator in puppetry, animatronics, and digital animation. Best known as creators of the world-famous Muppets, Henson's most recent television credits include Dot., Word Party, and Doozers, and the Emmy\u00ae-nominated Splash and Bubbles, Sid the Science Kid, and Dinosaur Train. Television productions include Fraggle Rock, The Storyteller, and the sci-fi series Farscape. The Company is currently in production on the upcoming Netflix original series The Dark Crystal: Age of Resistance and Guillermo Del Toro's Pinocchio.  www.henson.com\nwww.facebook.com/Farscape\nwww.twitter.com/Farscape\nwww.instagram.com/FarscapeOfficial\nwww.youtube.com/FarscapeOfficial View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-jim-henson-companys-hit-sci-fi-series-farscape-comes-to-amazon-prime-video-on-tuesday-march-19th-300813621.htmlSOURCE The Jim Henson CompanyCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "The Jim Henson Company's Hit Sci-Fi Series Farscape Comes To Amazon Prime Video On Tuesday, March 19th"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bull-trend-survives-shot-across-bow-sp-500-narrowly-holds-major-support-2019-03-26-121033922": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 12:40 p.m. ET", "article": "Editor\u2019s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here.Technically speaking, the major U.S. benchmarks have weathered a respectable late-month market downdraft \u2014 at least so far.On a headline basis, the S&P 500 has narrowly maintained major support \u2014 notching consecutive closes closely matching the 2,800 mark \u2014 and the successful retest preserves a guardedly bullish bias.Before detailing the U.S. markets\u2019 wider view, the S&P 500\u2019s SPX, +0.04%  hourly chart highlights the past two weeks.As illustrated, the S&P has absorbed a respectable pullback from five-month highs.Recall that major support broadly spans from about 2,800 to 2,817, an area detailed previously. Last week\u2019s close (2,800) matched the lower limit, and material downside follow-through has been absent.Tuesday\u2019s strong start punctuates a shaky, but thus far successful, retest.Meanwhile, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has pulled in from three-week highs.The prevailing downturn punctuates a failed retest of the December peak (25,980) an area also illustrated on the daily chart.Conversely, an inflection point matches the June peak (25,402) an area the Dow has initially maintained.Against this backdrop, the Nasdaq Composite COMP, +0.04%  has ventured under major support.The specific level matches its breakout point \u2014 the 7,670-to-7,677 area \u2014 also illustrated below.Still, recall that last week\u2019s close (7,643) matched familiar support at the early-March peak (7,643).The Nasdaq\u2019s downturn mirrors the S&P 500\u2019s to the extent that both benchmarks violated the breakout point \u2014 at S&P 2,817 and Nasdaq 7,677 \u2014 and subsequently pulled in to slightly deeper support.Widening the view to six months adds perspective.On this wider view, the Nasdaq has pulled in respectably from five-month highs. To reiterate, last week\u2019s close (7,643) registered under the breakout point (7,670) and matched slightly deeper support.Still, the Nasdaq has maintained its 20-day moving average (7,614), a widely-tracked near-term trending indicator. Tuesday\u2019s strong start places the Nasdaq back atop the breakout point (7,670) though as always, it\u2019s the session close that matters.Combined,the late-March technical damage has been relatively contained, punctuated by an absence of material downside follow-through.Looking elsewhere, the Dow Jones Industrial Average remains the weakest big three benchmark.Market bears will point to a topping formation punctuated by a \u201clower high\u201d at the March peak, and recently capped by the 20-day moving average. (Market bulls will point to a healthy consolidation phase, laying the groundwork for a pending breakout attempt. The Nasdaq and S&P 500 have recently broken out.)A persistent Boeing-fueled headwind has contributed to the Dow\u2019s late-March jagged price action.Tactically, the index has initially maintained the 25,400 support, an area closely followed by the 50-day moving average, currently 25,364. The Dow\u2019s intermediate-term bias remains bullish barring a violation.Meanwhile, the S&P 500 has narrowly maintained major support spanning from about 2,800 to 2,817.To reiterate, last week\u2019s close (2,800) matched the lower limit and the S&P has rallied from this area early Tuesday.As detailed above, the major U.S. benchmarks have weathered a respectable late-month market downturn \u2014 at least so far.Recall that Friday marked the biggest single-day downdraft since Jan. 3, and registered as technically aggressive, inflicting damage in spots. (Most directly damaging the financials, as partly detailed in the next section.)Moreover, the downturn was fueled by firmly bearish internals, including a nearly 7-to-1 down day on the NYSE. (A \u201cdown day\u201d means that declining volume surpassed advancing volume by the stated margin.)And as always, two 9-to-1 down days \u2014 across about a seven-session window \u2014 would reliably signal a major trend shift. Recall that the 2019 rally originated from two 9-to-1 up days across a precisely seven-session window.So while the S&P 500\u2019s intermediate-term bias remains bullish, a comparably aggressive follow-through downdraft, across about the next week, remains a pending \u201cwatch out.\u201dMoving to the small-caps, the iShares Russell 2000 ETF is not acting well technically.The small-cap benchmark has violated its 50-day moving average, also notching a \u201clower low\u201d amid a volume spike.Tactically, resistance broadly spans from 150.61 to 151.90, levels matching the early-March low and the 50-day moving average. A close higher would place the IWM on firmer ground.Pronounced regional bank weakness, amid the yield curve\u2019s recent inversion, has contributed to small-cap underperformance.Meanwhile, the SPDR S&P MidCap 400 is retesting notable support. Two inflection points stand out:The prevailing downturn punctuates a failed retest of the 200-day moving average from underneath.Looking elsewhere, the SPDR Trust S&P 500 SPY, +0.00% remains comparably resilient. Nonetheless, major resistance remains a sticking point:Though the SPY has notched consecutive closes slightly under resistance, material downside follow-through has been conspicuously absent. An extended retest of the range top remains in play.Placing a finer point on the S&P 500, the index has thus far weathered the late-March whipsaw.Recall that the March breakout opened the path to a target matching the January 2018 peak (2,873). This level also matches the Oct. 10 peak (2,874) the long red bar defining the October breakdown.Separately, recall that a near-term S&P 500 target projects from the March low to about 2,864. (See the March 13 review.)With these targets detailed, the March peak (2,860) has registered slightly under both areas, and aggressive selling pressure subsequently surfaced.Still, major support \u2014 the 2,800-to-2,817 area \u2014 has effectively underpinned the downturn. Last week\u2019s close (2,800.7) and Monday\u2019s close (2,798.4) more or less matched support. (See Friday\u2019s review.)So to reiterate, the S&P 500\u2019s near-term bias remains guardedly bullish, though pending follow-through is a \u201cwatch out.\u201dBeyond near-term issues, deeper S&P support rests at 2,742. This area matches the ascending 50-day moving average, also currently 2,742, and the March closing low (2,743). The S&P 500\u2019s intermediate-term bias remains bullish barring a violation.See also: Charting a break to \u2018clear skies\u2019 territory: S&P 500, Nasdaq reclaim major resistance.The charts below detail names that are technically well positioned. These are radar screen names \u2014 sectors or stocks poised to move in the near term. For the original comments on the stocks below, see The Technical Indicator Library.Drilling down further, the 10-year Treasury note yield\u2019s TNX, -1.33%  backdrop exemplifies a late-March market headwind.Specifically, yields have plunged in recent weeks, pressured amid global-growth concerns as well as unexpectedly dovish central bank policy actions.The downturn illustrated has contributed to an inversion of the spread between three-month and 10-year yields for the first time in more than 10 years. An inverted yield curve conventionally precedes a recession, though not every inversion is followed by a recession.Technically, the 10-year yield has plunged to a lower plateau.The breakdown point (2.62) matches the 2016 and 2017 peaks, and defines the range top. Conversely, the 2.40 downside target, detailed previously, has thus far underpinned the downturn.More broadly, the yield\u2019s longer-term technical bias remains firmly bearish.Moving to U.S. sectors, the Financial Select Sector SPDR has reversed aggressively from a fleeting three-month high, registered last week.In the process, the group has violated its 50- and 200-day moving averages amid a volume spike. The downturn also punctuates a \u201clower low \u201c versus the early-March low, placing trendline support under siege.As detailed previously, a swift reversal to the range \u2014 back atop resistance, circa 25.70 \u2014 would place the brakes on bearish momentum. The XLF is tenuously positioned pending such a move.Initially profiled Feb. 22, Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.08%  has added 6.0% and remains well positioned. (Yield = 1.6%.)Earlier this month, the shares reached record territory, clearing resistance matching the October peak amid a volume spike. The subsequent pullback has been flat, underpinned by first support, positioning the shares to extend the breakout.Tactically, the breakout point (116.20) is closely followed by the former range top (113.40), and Microsoft\u2019s rally attempt is intact barring a violation.Broadcom, Inc. AVGO, -0.56%  is a well positioned large-cap semiconductor name. (Yield = 3.6%.)As illustrated, the shares have recently knifed to record territory, gapping higher after the company\u2019s first-quarter results.The ensuing pullback has been flat, fueled by decreased volume, positioning the shares to build on the initial spike. Tactically, the breakout point closely matches the top of the gap (283.50) and a posture higher supports a bullish bias.More broadly, Broadcom is also well positioned on the three-year chart.Finally, YY, Inc. YY, +1.68%  is a large-cap China-based Internet name coming to life.The shares initially spiked three weeks ago, knifing atop the 200-day moving average after the company\u2019s quarterly results.More immediately, the shares have pulled in amid decreased volume to an attractive entry near the 200-day and 10% under the March peak. The prevailing pullback dovetails with a pending golden cross, or bullish 50-day/200-day moving average crossover.Editor\u2019s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here.The table below includes names recently profiled in The Technical Indicator that remain well positioned. For the original comments, see The Technical Indicator Library.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Bull trend survives shot across bow, S&P 500 narrowly holds major support"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/ibm-ramps-up-cryto-related-cross-border-payments-offering-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "The cryptocurrency-based cross-border payments race is heating up.IBM Corp. IBM, -0.17%   said on Monday its Blockchain World Wire initiative, a global payments network for regulated financial institutions, has entered production and will support instantaneous foreign exchange payment and settlement in more than 70 countries, supporting close to 50 currencies.International payments have long been a target for blockchain proponents that argue decentralized technology can hasten transaction times and reduce costs. \u201cWe\u2019ve created a new type of payment network designed to accelerate remittances and transform cross-border payments to facilitate the movement of money in countries that need it most,\u201d said Marie Wieck, general manager, IBM Blockchain, in a news release.Read: This is where cryptocurrencies are actually making a difference in the worldThe World Wire initiative is expected to offer competition to Ripple, one of the pioneers of digital global payments. Ripple\u2019s xCurrent software allows banks to move money globally and its XRP coin offers a liquidity option for global financial institutions.Banks have also started exploring digital settlement of funds. The most recent effort came from JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.48% which launched the JPM Coin, a digital currency to service institutional clients in the \u201cbusiness-to-business money movement flows.\u201dRead: Nearly half of all tech executives say the blockchain revolution is coming, survey findsThe World Wire network already supports settlement in Stellar Lumens, the cryptocurrency that runs on the Stellar protocol and an IBM-supported U.S. dollar-based stablecoin. Additionally, IBM said it has letters of intent from six banks to add the euro, Indonesian rupiah, Philippine peso, Korean won and Brazilian real to its ecosystem.In an interview, Jesse Lund, global vice president of IBM Blockchain, said the payment information will reach its end location in three to five seconds and settlement of funds will take between 20 and 30 seconds. \u201cWe can substantially lower operating costs for all participants\u201d he said.IBM said it has enabled payment locations in 72 countries with 47 different currencies. \u201cOur goal is to provide global coverage to support as many fiat currencies as possible. We hope all money is moving digitally,\u201d said Lund.Stellar Lumens is virtually unchanged on the year, compared with bitcoin, BTCUSD, +2.44%  the No.1 digital currency, which has gained more than 7%.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "IBM ramps up cryto-related cross-border payments offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/facebook-defends-itself-in-cambridge-analytica-consumer-class-action-case-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 2:07 p.m. ET", "article": "A year after the uproar unleashed by the revelation a political data analysis firm, Cambridge Analytica, got a hold of millions of Facebook users\u2019 personal data, the social media giant\u2019s lawyers are telling a federal judge a consumer lawsuit over the scandal is baseless because the breach didn\u2019t harm anyone.In court papers filed late Friday, Facebook\u2019s attorneys said it\u2019s not enough for users to complain their privacy was violated or their information was shared. There\u2019s got to be \u201can actual or imminent real-world injury,\u201d according to a dismissal motion filed in the Northern District of California.None of the users were saying they were subjected to anything of the sort, Facebook FB, +0.68%   maintained \u2014 \u201cno actionable identity theft, emotional distress, or economic injury.\u201d Any \u201ctargeted advertising\u201d didn\u2019t count. Without real harm, the users didn\u2019t have a legal leg to stand on, the company claimed.But the plaintiffs in the more than 25 consolidated federal suits say the harm has been all too real. According their filings, two plaintiffs say they\u2019ve found their information for sale on the dark web and others say they\u2019ve endured phishing and data-breach attempts.The now-shuttered Cambridge Analytica was working for now-President Donald Trump\u2019s campaign, though the campaign reportedly has said it didn\u2019t use the data harvested from Facebook to help Trump get elected. The firm could have gotten a look at people\u2019s public profile, location, likes and other data when any friends took the \u201cThis Is Your Digital Life\u201d personality quiz. Up to 87 million accounts were affected, Facebook previously said.The same day Facebook filed its dismissal bid, the app\u2019s developer, Aleksandr Kogan, sued Facebook for defamation, alleging he was turned into a \u201cconvenient scapegoat.\u201dThe plaintiffs said they were in the dark about what Facebook could do with their data, and ended up with \u201cinvasive and unwanted content.\u201d Now many said they spent hours scrutinizing their bank accounts and credit reports for fear of hacking. Some said they now had to deal with things like troll friend requests, spam calls and texts.The dismissal bid came on the end of a tumultuous week for Facebook, which included a New York Times report about a grand jury subpoena from Brooklyn federal prosecutors related to data sharing practices.Earlier this month, Facebook CEO and founder Mark Zuckerberg said he wanted a new privacy focus for the platform.Courts aren\u2019t the place for consumers to resolve their complaints, the company said in its filing. Lawmakers and regulators were better suited for \u201csensitive policy making,\u201d instead of \u201cone-off litigation\u201d where the judge was being asked to go along with unfounded privacy right arguments.Some lawmakers definitely want to get involved. For example, Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren, a U.S. Senator from Massachusetts, is proposing to break up \u201cbig tech,\u201d which includes Facebook, Google GOOG, -0.30%  and Amazon AMZN, -0.21%Meanwhile, California enacted a consumer privacy act related to personal data collection that\u2019s set to go into effect in 2020. Zuckerberg testified in April on Capitol Hill for hours on information sharing issues and other things, like stopping the spread of hate speech and illegal content.At the time, he said the company had to make sure online connections were positive.\u201cWe have a responsibility to not just build tools, but to make sure that they\u2019re used for good,\u201d Zuckerberg said. \u201cIt will take some time to work through all the changes we need to make across the company, but I\u2019m committed to getting this right,\u201d he said. \u201cThis includes the basic responsibility of protecting people\u2019s information, which we failed to do with Cambridge Analytica.\u201dFacebook did not immediately respond to a request for comment on its filing and a lawyer for the consumer plaintiffs declined to comment.A company spokesman slammed Kogan\u2019s claims, telling NBC News, \u201cthis is a frivolous lawsuit from someone who recklessly violated our policies and put people\u2019s data at risk.\u201dOral arguments on the Cambridge Analytica consumer case are slated for late May in front of Northern District Judge Vince Chhabria.Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Facebook defends itself in Cambridge Analytica consumer class-action case, says there was no \u2018emotional distress\u2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/stock-buybacks-among-sp-500-companies-mark-a-record-streak-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 4:35 p.m. ET", "article": "The amount of shares repurchased by S&P 500 companies in the last three months of 2018 hit a record, marking the fourth consecutive quarterly all-time high and the longest such streak since S&P Dow Jones Indices began tracking repurchases two decades ago.A preliminary reading of buybacks in the fourth quarter of 2018 shows that $222.98 billion worth of shares were bought back over the three-month period, headlined by Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.94% ($10.11 billion), Oracle Corp. ORCL, -0.32% (roughly $10 billion) and Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, -0.57% the data show.The record amount of repurchases may also have been affected by the slide in global markets late in the year, with the S&P 500 SPX, -0.13% the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.04% and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.20% suffering in the last few months of 2018, culminating in the worst pre-Christmas trading session on record.Already on a heady pace, share repurchases scored an added boost from the late-2017 corporate tax cuts signed into law by President Donald Trump.\u201cCompanies continued to spend more of their tax savings on these share repurchases as they boosted earnings through significantly reduced share counts,\u201d wrote Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices.\u201cAdding to the share reduction, and therefore the [earnings per share, or EPS] impact, was Q4\u2019s stock price decline, which permitted companies to buy even more shares for their dollars and reduce share count more efficiently,\u201d he said.Read: Opinion: Sorry Bernie, stock buybacks aren\u2019t to blame for America\u2019s rising income inequalityThe data on equity repurchases comes as that use of corporate profits has come under increasing scrutiny on Washington.In February, Sen. Bernie Sanders, the Vermont independent, and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-New York, wrote a New York Times op-ed, previewing a bill to limit corporate stock buybacks, unless companies meet certain preconditions, including investing in \u201cworkers and communities first\u201d and paying all workers at least $15 an hour.Republican Sen. Marco Rubio also in February unveiled his own plan to thwart stock buybacks.The traditional criticism of share buybacks is that it is a way to enrich the wallets of CEOs and top-level executives because it can drive EPS gains of stock by reducing the outstanding float, while such practices take away from direct investments in the company and its workers.However, market experts say limiting stock repurchases could remove a vital source of buying on Wall Street.Joshua Bolten, chief executive of the Business Roundtable, and Ken Bertsch, executive director at the Council of Institutional Investors, argued in a New York Times op-ed earlier this month that curbing or limiting how U.S. companies deploy profits could hurt the economy.\u201cNot only do buybacks and dividends support a stronger and more dynamic economy, they also contribute to Americans\u2019 retirement security,\u201d the pair wrote.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Stock buybacks among S&P 500 companies mark a record streak"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/geico-indy-has-several-hundred-openings-that-pay-over-16hour-2019-03-16": {"date": "Mar 16, 2019 5:59 a.m. ET", "article": "GEICO\u2019s office in Indianapolis has immediate openings for Claims Service Representatives, Liability Service Representatives, Customer Service Representatives, Sales Representatives and Emergency Roadside Service Representatives; all the positions have a starting salary of at least $16.12 an hour. Training is provided and no prior insurance experience is necessary. Apply at www.geico.jobs/indy.IT positions are also available at the Center of Excellence, an innovative tech hub GEICO opened last year at the Indy office.Full-time associates are offered thewide-ranging Total Rewards Program, which includes a comprehensivebenefitspackage, college tuition reimbursement and health and wellness incentives. GEICO provides a friendly work environment that supports career growth and development.GEICO opened its Indianapolis office in 2013 with 250 associates. Today, there are 1,500 associates. Last year, GEICO announced plans to expand the office and grow the associate population to more than 2,000.\u201cOur associates have been key to the success and growth we have seen in Indianapolis,\u201d said Assistant Vice President Lona Montgomery. \u201cWe are pleased to welcome even more Hoosiers to join our GEICO family.\u201dGEICO, a member of Warren Buffett\u2019s Berkshire Hathaway family of companies, has been named a \u201cTop Workplace\u201d by the Indianapolis Star for several years; the Center of Excellence is a finalist for the 2019 TechPoint MIRA Awards Exceptional Employer Award.About GEICOGEICO (Government Employees Insurance Company), the second-largest auto insurer in the U.S., was founded in 1936 and insures more than 27 million vehicles.To make changes, report claims, print insurance cards and purchase additional products, policyholders can access their insurance policy here, connect via GEICO Mobile, phoneor by visiting aGEICO local agent.Homeowners, renters, condo, flood, identity theft and term life coverages are written through non-affiliated insurance companies and are secured through the GEICO Insurance Agency, Inc. Commercial auto and personal umbrella coverages are also available.Visit www.geico.com for a quote or to learn more.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190316005003/en/SOURCE: GEICO\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@GEICOGEICO Communications\ngcorpcomm@geico.com\nTo view GEICO's Blog: https://www.geico.com/more/Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "GEICO Indy Has Several Hundred Openings That Pay over $16/Hour"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/forest-river-creative-bus-sales-phoenix-motorcars-form-a-partnership-to-rollout-zero-emission-electric-shuttle-school-buses-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "ONTARIO, Calif., March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Forest River Inc., Creative Bus Sales & Phoenix Motorcars have formed an alliance to jointly develop, build and distribute electric zero emission buses. As part of the agreement, Phoenix Motorcars will be the supplier of electric drivetrains for all zero emission shuttle & school buses built by Forest River on the Ford E450 chassis with the Starcraft Bus body. Creative Bus Sales will be the exclusive factory representative for the range of products sold under this agreement.Starcraft Bus, a division of Forest River Inc. is the largest shuttle bus builder in North America and is America's fastest growing school bus manufacturer.\"Forest River is the leading shuttle bus manufacturer in the country and this partnership with Phoenix Motorcars enables us to maintain that edge. Matched with industry leading EV solutions from Phoenix Motorcars and the unparalleled network of Creative Bus Sales, switching to electric will be an easy & seamless process for customers,\" says David Wright, President of Forest River Bus.Creative Bus Sales, the largest dealer for buses in the US, will exclusively sell and service the new range of electric shuttle and school buses across their U.S. locations. Phoenix Motorcars will train and certify technicians across Creative locations to perform warranty repairs and service.  \"Together with Forest River and Phoenix Motorcars, we bring the most competent electric buses to our customers. Phoenix Motorcars is the industry leader in the Class 4 electric shuttle bus segment, we are excited to be working together and bringing best in class products supported by our superior sales & service network,\" said Tony Matijevich, President of Creative Bus Sales on the partnership.The shuttle & school buses will be powered by Phoenix's latest electric drivetrain technology, offering up to 130 miles range on a single charge. The vehicles offer dual charging capability, compatible to both the Level III 50KW CHAdeMO charger and a J1772 Level II charger.The versatility of the cutaway chassis will be retained with multiple seating configurations offered. The zero emission buses will also be equipped with state of the art telematics solutions, offering real time operating info for fleet owners and remote diagnostics for service.Emad Fakhoury, CEO of Phoenix Motorcars said, \"The synergy between Forest River, Creative Bus Sales and Phoenix Motor Cars will bring the best electric powered transportation solutions to customers across the United States.Phoenix is continuing to invest in developing cutting edge electric drivetrain technologies and with such great alliance will accelerate the advancement of zero emission transportation.\"Phoenix Motorcars powered Starcraft electric buses will reach customers starting Q2 2019. A large number of buses are scheduled for delivery, including 29 for the US EPA funded South Coast Air Quality Management District project to electrify shuttles across key airports in Southern California.Contact: Jo Anne Avelar, PR Executive\nPhone: 909.987.0815\nEmail: joannea@phoenixmotorcars.comView original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/forest-river-creative-bus-sales--phoenix-motorcars-form-a-partnership-to-rollout-zero-emission-electric-shuttle--school-buses-300818178.htmlSOURCE Phoenix MotorcarsCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Forest River, Creative Bus Sales & Phoenix Motorcars form a partnership to rollout zero emission electric shuttle & school buses"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazons-stock-bounces-back-into-positive-territory-after-apple-tv-announcement-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 2:56 p.m. ET", "article": "Shares of Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.35% bounced back into positive territory in afternoon trade Monday, after Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.82% announced its Apple TV+ video subscription service. Apple said the TV app will be available on Amazon Fire TV \"in the future,\" and will offer suggestions for shows and movies from a number of streaming apps, including Amazon Prime. Amazon's stock was up 0.4% in afternoon trade, after being down as much as 1.0% and up as much as 0.7% at its intraday extremes, which were both hit before Apple's Special Event. Amazon's stock has rallied 18% year to date and Apple's stock has run up 19%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03% has gained 9.1%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Amazon's stock bounces back into positive territory after Apple TV+ announcement"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/golden-apple-surprises-three-high-school-teachers-with-prestigious-award-for-excellence-in-teaching-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 4:30 p.m. ET", "article": "CHICAGO, March 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Golden Apple, a leading Illinois nonprofit committed to recognizing exemplary educators and developing future educators, today surprised three high school teachers with the highly respected Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching. The annual award, which recognizes and honors outstanding teachers for their role in building a stronger, better-educated society, was presented to each teacher in front of students, family and school leadership.Following a highly competitive process, the 2019 award recipients were selected from more than 550 nominations of high school teachers. For the first time in the history of the awards, the eligibility boundaries were expanded to include all of Illinois. The demand for recognition throughout the state was profound. As evidence, nominations for outstanding teachers and leaders were received from 71 Illinois counties.  Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching recipients surprised today include:Corey Winchester, Evanston Township High School, Evanston, IL Judith Tyler, Maine East High School, Park Ridge, IL Sara Blair Winter-Rosenberg, Mundelein High School, Mundelein, ILTo learn more about the recipients and view videos and photos of their surprise visits, go to https://www.goldenapple.org/awards.\"The historic opportunity to bring the recognition of the Golden Apple Awards for Excellence in Teaching to all of the schools and teachers in Illinois is thrilling and we are delighted to honor these teachers this year,\" said Alan Mather, President of Golden Apple.The Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching honors outstanding teachers for their roles in having lasting, positive effects on students' lives and building stronger communities. Teacher finalists demonstrate -- in their teaching and results -- significant, positive impact on their students' growth and learning. Fellow educators, students, parents and community members nominate teachers for the awards. Teachers may not self-nominate.\"We believe that recognizing exemplary educators helps to elevate the teaching profession to its rightful place of honor,\" said Alicia Winckler, CEO of Golden Apple. \"Golden Apple is inspired by the high standards set by these outstanding educators. The quality of their teaching and passion for supporting their students' growth create an environment in which students are inspired to persevere and attain their dreams. Their work as educators is critical to realizing a better future and we are proud to recognize their valuable contributions.\"Award recipients are selected by master educators who understand and recognize instructional best practices and who utilize professional standards to evaluate exemplary teachers and school leaders. Members of the selection committee viewed video evidence of instruction and observed finalists' teaching in-person in their classrooms - a comprehensive day which included direct observation of in-classroom teaching accompanied by interviewing finalists' colleagues, school leaders, students, parents, and community members.The 2019 award recipients will be featured on a Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) one-hour TV program. The livestream of the show taping will air on Golden Apple's Facebook page on May 18, 2019 and the edited PBS broadcast will air on multiple future dates.As a highly-valued component of this recognition, Northwestern University, Golden Apple's partner for more than 30 years, generously provides a Spring Sabbatical to award recipients at no cost.\"In honoring and developing K-12 teachers, Northwestern University and the Golden Apple Foundation are committed to improving teaching, learning, and the lives of kids across the state of Illinois,\"  said Timothy Dohrer, Ph.D., Director of the Master of Science in Education Program at Northwestern University's School of Education & Social Policy.In addition, each Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching recipient receives a $5,000 cash award. Award recipients also become Fellows of the Golden Apple Academy of Educators, a community of educators who support current and future teachers and deepen the learning of students. An important part of a Fellows' mission is to share their expertise and mentor Golden Apple Scholars, who are aspiring teachers with a desire to teach in Illinois' schools-of-need.The nomination period for the 2020 Golden Apple Awards for Excellence in Teaching opens March 18, 2019. All are invited to nominate an exceptional 4th-8th grade Illinois teacher. More information about the awards nomination process can be found at https://www.goldenapple.org/awards.About Golden AppleFounded in 1985, Golden Apple innovates teacher preparation and leadership to transform both the careers of teachers as well as the lives of students in Illinois. Its signature initiative, the Golden Apple Scholars Program, provides exceptional teacher preparation, resources and lifelong support to advance educational excellence for Illinois' most underserved students in schools-of-need. Aspiring teachers/Scholars are recruited from the communities in which they return to serve -- with a passion for teaching and a drive to create positive change for young people in their communities. Scholars commit to teach at an Illinois school-of-need for five years after graduation. More than 1,000 Scholars currently are teaching across Illinois.Visit http://www.goldenapple.org for more information.Media contact: \nEileen Rochford\n312-953-3305\neileenr@theharbingergroup.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/golden-apple-surprises-three-high-school-teachers-with-prestigious-award-for-excellence-in-teaching-300814233.htmlSOURCE Golden AppleCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Golden Apple Surprises Three High School Teachers with Prestigious Award for Excellence in Teaching"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/a-return-of-inflation-could-turn-markets-on-their-head-warns-northern-trust-2019-03-27-9103015": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Our call of the day, from Katie Nixon, chief investment strategist at Northern Trust, says investors are spending way too much time thinking about yield-curve inversions and not enough time thinking about this potential wildcard. See full story.U.K. lawmakers are preparing to vote for their preferred Brexit option on Wednesday evening, while Prime Minister Theresa May is due to meet anti-EU rebels in her own party to persuade them to back her deal, so she can schedule a third attempt to gain parliament\u2019s approval. See full story.Stable housing is increasingly out of reach for many Americans, as both rentals and homes to own grow more expensive and options dwindle. Evictions may be one of the most visible manifestations. See full story.Apple wants viewers. Are they ready \u2014 or have they reached a financial tipping point? See full story.Spouses don\u2019t realize when they need to save for two. See full story.A lesser-known rival pays 50% more. See full story.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "A return of inflation could turn markets on their head, warns Northern Trust"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-launches-apple-news-an-immersive-magazine-and-news-reading-experience-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 1:25 p.m. ET", "article": "Apple\u00ae today announced Apple News+, a new subscription service that brings together over 300 popular magazines, leading newspapers and digital publishers into a beautiful, convenient and curated experience within the Apple News\u00ae app. Available in the US and Canada, Apple News+ presents the best and most relevant articles to meet any range of interests from renowned publications such as Vogue, National Geographic Magazine, People, ELLE, The Wall Street Journal and Los Angeles Times.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005662/en/Apple News+ adds an even more expansive collection of high-quality stories to the free experience of Apple News, which is the No. 1 news app and delivers current events coverage from trusted sources. [1] All Apple News users in the US, Canada, UK and Australia can continue to enjoy the free news experience within the app on iPhone\u00ae, iPad\u00ae and Mac\u00ae, including access to Top Stories, Trending Stories and a personalized feed of articles.\u201cWe\u2019re committed to supporting quality journalism, and with Apple News+, we want to celebrate the great work being done by magazines and news outlets,\u201d said Lauren Kern, editor-in-chief of Apple News. \u201cWe think the breadth and quality of publications within Apple News+ will encourage more people to discover stories and titles they may never have come across before.\u201dApple News+ subscribers can access current and past issues and individual articles from magazines such as The Atlantic, Better Homes & Gardens, Bon App\u00e9tit, Cond\u00e9 Nast Traveler, ELLE, Entertainment Weekly, ESPN The Magazine, Esquire, Food & Wine, Good Housekeeping, GQ, Health, InStyle, Martha Stewart Living, National Geographic, New York Magazine, The New Yorker, O, The Oprah Magazine, Parents, People, Real Simple, Rolling Stone, Runner\u2019s World, Sports Illustrated, TIME, Travel + Leisure, Vanity Fair, Vogue, WIRED and Woman\u2019s Day. [2]In addition, Apple News+ includes The Wall Street Journal, Los Angeles Times and Toronto Star, Canada\u2019s largest daily newspaper. Apple News+ also provides access to premium online publications such as theSkimm, The Highlight by Vox, New York Magazine\u2019s sites Vulture, The Cut and Grub Street, and Extra Crunch from Verizon Media\u2019s TechCrunch. [3]Apple News+ showcases magazines in richly designed layouts, featuring animated covers, vivid photography and bold typography optimized for iPhone, iPad and Mac. It makes reading articles even more fun, immersive and convenient. In the Today and News+ tabs, subscribers will be presented with individual article and issue recommendations based on both editorial curation and personalized suggestions that maintain user privacy.\u201cApple News+ validates the power of premium content from great and trusted brands, and being a part of it makes good business sense,\u201d said Tom Harty, president and CEO of Meredith. \u201cApple News+ will be an extremely valuable mass platform to attract new paid subscribers to our titles.\u201d\u201cAt Hearst Magazines, we are hyperfocused on creating consumer value through our storied brands, high-quality content and great experiences,\u201d said Troy Young, president of Hearst Magazines. \u201cApple News+ amplifies our ability to do this in a premium environment with a key audience, elevating the digital magazine experience for millions of iPhone, iPad and Mac users.\u201d\u201cWe\u2019re constantly innovating how we connect with our audiences and bring them the content they crave on the platforms they use every day,\u201d said Bob Sauerberg, president and CEO of Cond\u00e9 Nast. \u201cApple News+ represents an exciting opportunity to bring a premium experience to millions more readers, so they can enjoy the conversation-shifting journalism, influential points of view and unparalleled visual storytelling they\u2019ve come to expect from our brands.\u201d\u201cWe are proud to work with Apple, a company that believes in the profound importance of journalism and journalists,\u201d said Robert Thomson, chief executive of News Corp. \u201cThe Wall Street Journal is certainly the most trusted newspaper in the US and its coverage of politics, business, economics, national news and lifestyle issues is nonpareil. We expect through the Apple platform, our journalism will reach and inform many more millions of readers, viewers and listeners around the country and the world.\u201d\u201cApple News+ provides a perfect platform for our expanded coverage of news, analysis and opinion,\u201d said Norman Pearlstine, executive editor of Los Angeles Times. \u201cWe share a world vision that is informed by our California roots and by our common commitment to innovation and excellence.\u201dPricing and AvailabilityApple News+ is available today in the US for $9.99 a month and in Canada for $12.99 a month. Customers can sign up for a free one-month trial, and the plan automatically renews after the trial ends. To sign up for Apple News+, customers must update to iOS 12.2 or macOS 10.14.4. Through Family Sharing, up to six family members can share one Apple News+ subscription. Apple News+ will be available in the UK and Australia later this year.Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple\u2019s four software platforms \u2014 iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS \u2014 provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple\u2019s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.[1] Based on Comscore data in the US and UK.[2] Availability in Apple News Format begins upon service availability.[3] Title availability varies by country.NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple Newsroom (www.apple.com/newsroom), or call Apple\u2019s Media Helpline at (408) 974-2042.\u00a9 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Apple News, iPhone, iPad and Mac are trademarks of Apple Inc. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005662/en/SOURCE: Apple Inc.Apple\nBernadette Simpao, (669)-227-9273\nbsimpao@apple.com\nChristine Monaghan, (408) 974-8850\ncmonaghan@apple.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Apple Launches Apple News+, an Immersive Magazine and News Reading Experience"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/movius-announces-45m-in-series-d-financing-led-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Movius, an emerging leader in cloud-based secure mobile communications software, announced the closing of its $45M Series D funding round led by new investor JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.47% Existing investors PointGuard Ventures, New Enterprise Associates (NEA) and Anschutz Investment Company also participated.The $45M Series D round brings the total equity raised by Movius to $91M. The new funding will support a variety of initiatives as Movius drives global expansion, particularly in Europe and Asia, accelerates its product roadmap and scales to meet the mobility needs of businesses for compliance, cost-savings and customer engagement and of a new generation of employees who expect to use one mobile device that can separate work and personal lives seamlessly and securely.\u201cWe\u2019re excited to partner with JPMorgan Chase \u2013 a global visionary in financial services and a leader in embracing secure, seamless solutions for our mobile age,\u201d said John Loiacono, CEO of Movius. \u201cThis investment is particularly important as a testament to the power of our solution to simplify the complex needs of the financial services sector and other key markets around the globe. There is simply nothing like what we\u2019ve built.\u201d\u201cAcross the board, financial services firms are finding that customers and employees alike expect to communicate conveniently on their mobile devices,\u201d said Larry Feinsmith, managing director and head of Global Technology Strategy, Innovation and Partnership at JPMorgan Chase & Co. \u201cThis strategic investment in Movius will help remove friction and better enable employees to be more productive and communicate securely via their mobile devices.\u201dAbout MoviusMovius is the leading global provider in cloud-based secure mobile communications software, helping enterprises deliver better engagement for their clients. Enterprises around the world use the company\u2019s all-in-one mobility platform to connect with their customers in more convenient, cost-effective and compliant ways. The platform offers an easy way to extend and integrate voice, text, and messaging services into other systems, like CRM or collaboration tools.Headquartered in Atlanta, Movius has additional locations in Silicon Valley, Calif., and Bangalore, India. Movius has more than 130 employees around the world and is the platform of choice for the world\u2019s leading mobile carriers including Sprint, Telstra, and Telef\u00f3nica. For more information on Movius, visit https://www.moviuscorp.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005184/en/SOURCE: MoviusJennifer Sims Fellner\nAccess\njenniferf@accesstheagency.com\n415-844-6275Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Movius Announces $45M in Series D Financing Led by JPMorgan Chase & Co."}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/heres-how-the-mueller-report-could-roil-the-stock-market-2019-03-23-1710308": {"date": "Mar 23, 2019 5:00 p.m. ET", "article": "The president endorsed the public release of Special Counsel Robert Mueller\u2019s report on possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russian election meddling. Here\u2019s what it would take for investors to take notice. See full story.A closely watched measure of the yield curve inverted Friday, underlining worries about economic growth and rattling the stock market. But investors might be pushing the panic button a bit prematurely. See full story.The falling 30-year mortgage rate could reverse and hit 6% in the second half of next year despite big constraints on demand among home buyers. See full story.A petition to stop Brexit hits a milestone on the same day over 1 million anti-Brexit protesters flood London streets, demanding a new vote. See full story.Mark Zuckerberg, the co-founder and chief executive of Facebook Inc., seems increasingly alone at the top of his company with the departure of two key executives last week, after his privacy pivot. See full story.\u2018Forget Occupy Wall Street, maybe Occupy Madison Avenue is a better idea.\u2019 See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free After the Bell newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Here\u2019s how the Mueller report could roil the stock market"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-relaunches-news-service-with-exclusive-essence-content-featuring-april-issue-cover-star-issa-rae-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 4:06 p.m. ET", "article": "ESSENCE, thenumber onemedia, technology and commerce company dedicated to Black women, was one of five media companies highlighted during Apple\u2019s livestream announcement today of Apple News+, its new subscription service.During Apple\u2019s highly anticipated presentation, ESSENCE was front in center during the tech company\u2019s exclusive reveal of ESSENCE\u2019s upcoming April issue celebration of diverse beauty featuring the stunning Issa Rae on its print and digital covers. The Apple News+ relaunch comes right as ESSENCE comes one month afterESSENCE launched its first-ever digital cover, inspiring conversations around young and fresh talent whose accomplishments transcend the pages we can touch.\u201cESSENCE has been working with the Apple team on this exciting launch showcasing our stunning cover star Issa Rae, in addition to our exciting beauty feature package\u2014all shot by Black female photographers,\u201d said ESSENCE\u2019s Chief Content & Creative Officer MoAna Luu. \u201cThis launch presented us with the perfect opportunity to convey the important message of diversity and inclusion in media. ESSENCE is changing the landscape with the addition of our new video cover element as part of this launch. This was a groundbreaking opportunity for us and we know that our audience will agree.\u201dESSENCE\u2019s Chief Digital Officer Darline Jean sees a whole new audience, and increased engagement on the horizon, for the brand after partnering with Apple\u2019s immersive magazine service. She states: \u201cApple News+ is a dynamic way for ESSENCE to engage our core audience with our robust content. It also helps us to attract new followers and broaden our reach on a global scale.\u201dFor $10 a month, Apple News+ subscribers can get access to approximately 500 magazine titles for their entire family. The first month, however, is free. For more on Apple News+, click here.In ESSENCE\u2019s cover story Awkward Awesome Black Girl, the star of the upcoming film Little retraces her journey to feeling beautiful while shooting her ESSENCE cover in New Orleans. She tells ESSENCE: \u201cI\u2019ve definitely thought about middle school me looking through magazines and being perfectly content with the fact that my face wasn\u2019t going to be used to sell makeup; that wasn\u2019t my future\u2026I just didn\u2019t imagine that\u2026\u201dESSENCE\u2019s April issue hits newsstands on Friday, March 29 [th] . For more on this issue, visit ESSENCE.com.About ESSENCE Communications Inc.ESSENCE Communications is the number one media, technology and commerce company dedicated to Black women and inspires a global audience of more than 17 million through diverse storytelling and immersive original content. With a multi-platform presence in publishing, experiential and online, ESSENCE encompasses its signature magazine; digital, video and social platforms; television specials; books; as well as live events, including Black Women in Music, Black Women in Hollywood, Street Style and the ESSENCE Festival. Essence Communications is owned by Essence Ventures, an independent Black-owned, technology-driven company focused on merging content, community and commerce to meet the evolving cultural and lifestyle needs of people of color.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005784/en/SOURCE: ESSENCE Communications Inc.Sheila Harris, ESSENCE\n212-522-1089\nsharris@essence.com Dana Baxter, ESSENCE\n212-522-1634\ndbaxter@essence.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Apple Relaunches News Service with Exclusive ESSENCE Content Featuring April Issue Cover Star Issa Rae"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apples-stock-rallies-11-premarket-after-falling-12-on-monday-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 7:07 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/garmin-introduces-the-gps-175-and-gnx-375-compelling-navigators-offering-waaslpv-approaches-and-optional-integrated-ads-b-inout-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 1:15 p.m. ET", "article": "Garmin International, Inc., a unit of Garmin Ltd. GRMN, +0.61% today announced the GPS 175 and GNX\u2122 375 GPS navigators with Localizer Performance with Vertical guidance (LPV) approach capability. Pilots receive the benefits of high-integrity WAAS/SBAS GPS guidance in a compact, (6.25-inches wide by 2-inches tall) design that is both cost-effective and easy to incorporate into an existing avionics stack. The GPS 175 is a standalone certified IFR navigator with a vibrant, color touchscreen display packed with advanced features and capabilities including WAAS/LPV approaches. The GNX 375 has all of the capability of the GPS 175 and adds Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS-B) Out, as well as dual-link ADS-B In via a built-in transponder. Intended for Class I/II aircraft that weigh 6,000 lbs./2,721 kg. or less, as well as experimental/amateur-built (EAB) aircraft, the GPS175/GNX375 have received Supplemental Type Certification (STC) and are available immediately from Garmin Authorized Dealers for over 700 aircraft makes/models.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005073/en/\u201cMany aircraft have not been equipped with WAAS/LPV or ADS-B due to the lack of a compelling value proposition for owners of these aircraft,\u201d said Carl Wolf, vice president of aviation sales and marketing. \u201cThe GPS 175 and GNX 375 offer WAAS/LPV approaches and optional ADS-B In/Out with an impressive array of features, performance, and compelling value.\u201dSlim and unobtrusive, the GPS 175/GNX 375 include a WAAS/SBAS GPS that is IFR approach-capable. A vibrant, colorful touchscreen display boasts a familiar Garmin user experience that enables quick and intuitive entry of flight plan information, while a dual concentric knob and dedicated home button offer added versatility when interfacing with the touchscreen. Dedicated pages within the GPS175 include a moving map, flight plan, nearest, procedures, waypoint information and terrain pages, and the GNX 375 adds traffic and weather pages. The addition of a dedicated direct-to button on the touchscreen offers quick access to direct airport or waypoint navigation. Customizable data fields and short cuts on the moving map to pilot-selectable pages such as the nearest airport allow for quick, one-touch access to important information in-flight.Fully WAAS IFR-approach-capable, the GPS 175/GNX 375 give pilots the benefit of flying LPV, Lateral Performance (LP), as well as all Area Navigation (RNAV) approaches. Many approaches offer vertical approach guidance as low as 200-feet above ground level (AGL). Pilots can also leverage the touchscreen and moving map to easily generate customized holding patterns over an existing fix in the navigation database or a user-defined waypoint and easily insert it into a flight plan. Visual approaches are also available within the GPS175/GNX 375 and provide lateral and vertical approach guidance in visual flight conditions. Visual approaches offer added assurance at unfamiliar airports or in challenging environments to ensure the aircraft is aligned properly with the correct runway, while also taking into consideration terrain and obstacle avoidance.Designed to replace earlier-generation products such as the iconic GPS150/155 series, the GX50/55, as well as the KLN 89/90/94 series, aircraft owners won\u2019t have to make significant panel modifications to accommodate the GPS 175/GNX 375. Aircraft owners can also retain many of their existing flight instruments, audio panels and many legacy CDI/EHSI indicators such as the KI 209, or easily pair it with a new or existing flight display like the G5 electronic flight instrument. Additional interface options include the G3X Touch\u2122 flight display for experimental and certificated aircraft, the GFC500 and GFC 600 autopilots, as well as select third-party autopilots. Additionally, precise course deviation and roll steering outputs can be coupled to the GFC 500/GFC 600 autopilots and select third-party autopilots so procedures such as holds, radius-to-fix (RF) legs and missed approaches may be flown automatically.Built-in Connext [\u00ae] cockpit connectivity gives pilots the benefits and efficiencies of a wireless cockpit, enabling wireless flight plan transfer via Bluetooth [\u00ae] to and from compatible portables and mobile devices running the Garmin Pilot\u2122 and FltPlan Go applications. GPS position information and back-up attitude can also be used by compatible products. Because the GNX 375 has an integrated ADS-B transponder and dual link ADS-B In, pilots can also view ADS-B traffic and weather on compatible mobile devices and portables. Offering a faster, more intuitive method of judging target trajectories and closure rates, ADS-B enabled TargetTrend\u2122 aids in the identification of real traffic threats, while TerminalTraffic\u2122 displays a comprehensive picture of ADS-B-equipped aircraft and ground vehicles. Patented TargetTrend and TerminalTraffic are exclusively available within Garmin products, including the Garmin Pilot app. For customers that already equipped for ADS-B, the GTX\u2122 345 or GDL [\u00ae] 88 can interface to the GPS 175 to display ADS-B In. Additional wireless benefits include Database Concierge, which is available as an option by pairing the Flight Stream 510 with these navigators.The GPS 175/GNX 375 offer unique benefits that only a touchscreen can provide, such as graphical flight plan editing, allowing pilots to more easily edit their flight plan based on an ATC amendment or weather. Features such as FastFind simplifies flight plan entry by applying predictive logic to suggest airports and waypoints using current GPS location, while Smart Airspace makes it easier to identify pertinent airspace on the moving map. The addition of SafeTaxi [\u00ae] airport diagrams display runways, taxiways, Fixed Based Operators (FBO\u2019s), hangars and more relative to the aircraft\u2019s location on the airport surface.The GPS 175 and GNX 375 are expected to be available in April and are approved for installation in over 700 Class I/II piston aircraft models that weigh 6,000 lbs./2,721 kg. or less and can be purchased through the Garmin Authorized Dealer network starting at a suggested list price of $4,995 and $7,995 respectively [1] . A free Garmin GPS175/GNX375 trainer app is also available for download on Apple mobile devices, which allows customers to experience the feature set of these navigators. The GPS175/GNX375 are also supported by Garmin\u2019s award-winning aviation support team, which provides 24/7 worldwide technical and warranty support. For additional information, visit www.garmin.com/generalaviation.Garmin\u2019s aviation business segment is a leading provider of solutions to OEM, aftermarket, military and government customers. Garmin\u2019s portfolio includes navigation, communication, flight control, hazard avoidance, an expansive suite of ADS-B solutions and other products and services that are known for innovation, reliability, and value. For more information about Garmin\u2019s full line of avionics, go to www.garmin.com/aviation.For decades, Garmin has pioneered new GPS navigation and wireless devices and applications that are designed for people who live an active lifestyle. Garmin serves five primary markets, including automotive, aviation, fitness, marine, and outdoor recreation. For more information, visit Garmin's virtual pressroom at garmin.com/newsroom, contact the Media Relations department at 913-397-8200, or follow us at facebook.com/garmin, twitter.com/garmin, instagram.com/garmin, or youtube.com/garmin.[1. Price quoted does not include installation.]About GarminGarmin International Inc. is a subsidiary of Garmin Ltd. GRMN, +0.61% Garmin Ltd. is incorporated in Switzerland, and its principal subsidiaries are located in the United States, Taiwan and the United Kingdom. Garmin, SafeTaxi GDL and Connext are registered trademarks and G3X Touch, TargetTrend, TerminalTraffic, GTX, Garmin Pilot are trademarks of Garmin Ltd. or its subsidiaries.Apple is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple IncThe Bluetooth\u00ae word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by Garmin is under license. All other brands, product names, company names, trademarks and service marks are the properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.Notice on Forward-Looking Statements:This release includes forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Such statements are based on management\u2019s current expectations. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this release may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of known and unknown risk factors and uncertainties affecting Garmin, including, but not limited to, the risk factors listed in the AnnualReport on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2018, filed by Garmin with the Securities and Exchange Commission (Commission file number 0-31983). A copy of such Form 10-K is available at www.garmin.com/aboutGarmin/invRelations/finReports.html. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and Garmin undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005073/en/SOURCE: GarminJessica Koss\nGarmin International Inc.\nPhone | 913/397-8200\nE-Mail | media.relations@garmin.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Garmin\u00ae introduces the GPS 175 and GNX 375 \u2013 compelling navigators offering WAAS/LPV approaches and optional integrated ADS-B In/Out"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/berkshire-hathaway-class-b-stock-price-target-cut-to-243-from-258-at-ubs-2019-03-06": {"date": "Mar 6, 2019 9:06 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/kaleyra-becomes-a-whatsapp-business-solution-provider-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 9:06 a.m. ET", "article": "MILAN, March 21, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Kaleyra S.p.A., a rapidly growing cloud communications software provider delivering secure APIs and connectivity solutions in the API/CPaaS market, today announced an integration with the WhatsApp Business API.Kaleyra will now optimize its communication offerings for businesses by expanding to WhatsApp chats and moving away from conventional SMSes. By recognizing customer trends and adopting the latest technologies, Kaleyra will incorporate the WhatsApp Business solution to allow better management of conversations with customers and providing them with the exact information they need.This integration with the WhatsApp Business API is proof of Kaleyra's growing importance and impressive innovation. Kaleyra makes business communication seamless and serves as a comprehensive platform that provides messaging, voice and fintech solutions, for over 3,000 customers around the world.How does it work?Through Kaleyra's flexible and easy-to-use API, businesses can now easily send WhatsApp messages to their customers.\"Adding WhatsApp to our existing channels of communication will allow businesses to enrich customer experiences through one easy step, without any lengthy coding requirement,\" said Aniketh Jain,  General Manager BU Cloud Enterprise of Kaleyra. \"We're delighted to expand the reach of our clients through WhatsApp, and we are watching to see the numerous ways in which this addition along with our other scalable services will benefit all our clients.\"The algorithm of Kaleyra smoothly converts the composed text message that needs to be sent out to WhatsApp messages. That's not all. Through just 1 API, businesses can include 7 different types of additions to enhance their communication. These 7 supported formats of the message include text, audio, images, contact, location, documents, and templates. This creates a two-fold benefit. From the perspective of businesses, they can now use Kaleyra's omnichannel platform to send messages on WhatsApp through the same API using desktops, mobile phones etc., On the other hand, customers can now get updates on the go and can interact with businesses at any time, from anywhere.With the WhatsApp Business solution, businesses can have genuine conversations with their customers and receive instant analytics including the number of messages sent, read etc.The solutions serve multi-purpose use for businesses depending on their need. Companies can send air tickets, QR codes and more. For instance, an e-commerce firm can send logistics information related to the delivery of products to customers and keep them informed at each step of the way. Food delivery businesses can allow their users to get updates on their order.The new era of communication \"The mobile messaging market offers businesses an additional line of communication with their clients, and Kaleyra makes it possible. We also benefit in multiple ways, including expanding our global customer base, driving future revenue growth. We are here to empower businesses, providing them all the different communication tools they need to accelerate and strengthen their customer interactions. I am looking forward to seeing the success this step brings about for both customers and businesses. Being a WhatsApp Business solution provider clearly sets us apart from other businesses and gives us an opportunity to customize communication and meet the specific requirements of all clients. It will also enhance our product portfolio as we move forward with our proposed combination with GigCapital and become a public company.\" - said Dario Calogero, Chief Executive Officer of Kaleyra.WhatsApp has grown to become a go-to communication tool and through Kaleyra's platform businesses can build strong relationships with their customers by connecting with them on the same platform they use to chat with their friends and relatives. Thus, creating a more personalized interaction with each and every customer by adding an extra layer of connectivity. About KaleyraKaleyra is a global group specializing in providing mobile messaging services for financial institutions and multiple other types of enterprises of all sizes. Through its proprietary platform, Kaleyra manages multi-channel integrated communication services on a global scale, comprising messages, push notifications, e-mail, instant messaging, voice services and virtual assistants. Kaleyra's technology today makes it possible to manage huge volumes of messages, with some 2 billion notifications a month. For more information: www.kaleyra.comAbout GigCapital, Inc.GigCapital, Inc.  GIG, -0.29% GIG.U, +1.40% is a Private-to-Public Equity (PPE)\u2122 company, (also known as a Blank-Check or Special Purpose Acquisition Company (\"SPAC\")), sponsored by GigAcquisitions, LLC, and sole-managed by GigFounders, LLC (www.gigfoundersglobal.com). All were founded in 2017 by Dr. Avi Katz. The companies are led by an affiliated team of technology industry experts, deploying its unique Mentor-Investors\u2122 methodology to partner with exceptional privately-held technology companies of dedicated solid entrepreneurs. The companies offer financial, operational and executive mentoring in order to accelerate their path from inception, privately-held entity into the growth-stage as a publicly traded company. The partnership continues through an organic and roll-up strategy growth post the public offering. For more information, visit www.gigcapitalglobal.com.\"Private-to-Public Equity (PPE)\" and \"Mentor-Investor\" are trademarks of GigFounders, LLC, used pursuant to agreement.Additional Information About the Transaction and Where To Find ItAdditional information about the proposed business combination and related transactions is described in GigCapital's Current Reports on Form 8-K, definitive additional proxy soliciting materials filed as DEFA14A, and preliminary proxy statement relating to the proposed business combination and the respective businesses of GigCapital and Kaleyra, which GigCapital has or will file with the SEC. The proposed business combination and related transactions will be submitted to stockholders of GigCapital for their consideration. GigCapital's stockholders and other interested persons are advised to read, once available, the preliminary proxy statement and any amendments thereto and, once available, the definitive proxy statement, in connection with GigCapital's solicitation of proxies for its special meeting of stockholders to be held to approve, among other things, the proposed business combination and related transactions, because these documents will contain important information about GigCapital, Kaleyra and the proposed business combination and related transactions. The definitive proxy statement will be mailed to stockholders of GigCapital as of a record date to be established for voting on the proposed business combination and related transactions.Stockholders may also obtain a copy of the preliminary or definitive proxy statement, once available, as well as other documents filed with the SEC by GigCapital, without charge, at the SEC's website located at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to Tara McDonough, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, GigCapital, Inc., 2479 E. Bayshore Rd., Suite 200 Palo Alto, CA 94303, or by telephone at (650) 276-7040.Participants in the SolicitationKaleyra, GigCapital and their respective directors and executive officers and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitations of proxies from GigCapital's stockholders in respect of the proposed business combination and related transactions. Information regarding GigCapital's directors and executive officers is available in its Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 6, 2018. Additional information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests will be contained in the preliminary and definitive proxy statements related to the proposed business combination and related transactions when it becomes available, and which can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.Forward-Looking StatementsOn February 26th 2019, GigCapital, Inc., GIG, -0.29% GIG.U, +1.40% (\"GigCapital\") a Technology, Media and Telecom (TMT) Private-to-Public Equity (PPE)\u2122 corporation, announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to combine with Kaleyra S.p.A. (\"Kaleyra\"), a profitable and rapidly growing CPaaS provider.This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws regarding the integration with WhatsApp Business API and the proposed transactions and GigCapital. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the closing of the combination and the expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, plans, prospects or strategies regarding the business combination and future business plans of the Kaleyra and GigCapital management teams. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words \"anticipate,\" \"believe,\" \"continue,\" \"could,\" \"estimate,\" \"expect,\" \"intends,\" \"may,\" \"might,\" \"plan,\" \"possible,\" \"potential,\" \"predict,\" \"project,\" \"should,\" \"would\" and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the management of GigCapital and/or Kaleyra in light of their respective experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments and their potential effects on Kaleyra and GigCapital as well as other factors they believe are appropriate in the circumstances. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting Kaleyra or GigCapital will be those anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the control of the parties) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including that the GigCapital stockholders will approve the transaction, the ability of the post-combination company to meet the NYSE listing standards, that Kaleyra will have sufficient capital upon the approval of the transaction to operate as anticipated, and the intended impact of the integration with WhatsAppBusiness API. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions being made prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.DisclaimerThis communication shall neither constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kaleyra-becomes-a-whatsapp-business-solution-provider-300816407.htmlSOURCE KaleyraCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Kaleyra Becomes a WhatsApp Business Solution Provider"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/rtw-retailwinds-inc-announces-date-of-conference-call-and-webcast-for-fourth-quarter-and-fiscal-year-2018-results-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 4:01 p.m. ET", "article": "RTW Retailwinds, Inc. RTW, -0.83% formerly known as New York & Company, Inc. , an omni-channel specialty apparel retail platform for powerful celebrity and consumer brands, today announced that the Company will release fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 results after the market closes on Thursday, March 21, 2019. The Company will conduct a conference call at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time on the same day to discuss its results. The call will be hosted by Greg Scott, Chief Executive Officer, and Sheamus Toal, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer.Investors and analysts interested in participating in the call are invited to dial (877) 407-0784 and reference conference ID number 13688189 approximately ten minutes prior to the start of the call. The conference call will also be web-cast live at www.nyandcompany.com. A replay of this call will be available at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time on March 21, 2019 until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on March 28, 2019 and can be accessed by dialing (844) 512-2921 and entering conference ID number 13688189.About RTW RetailwindsRTW Retailwinds, Inc. (formerly known as New York & Company, Inc.) is a specialty women\u2019s omni-channel and digitally enabled retailer with a powerful multi-brand lifestyle platform providing curated lifestyle solutions that are versatile, on-trend, and stylish at a great value. The specialty retailer, first incorporated in 1918, has grown to now operate 411 retail and outlet locations in 34 states while also growing a substantial eCommerce business. The Company\u2019s portfolio includes branded merchandise, from New York & Company, Fashion to Figure, and collaborations with Eva Mendes, Gabrielle Union and Kate Hudson. Its branded merchandise is sold exclusively at its retail and outlet locations and online at www.nyandcompany.com, www.fashiontofigure.com, and www.nyandcompanycloset.com. Additionally, certain product, press releases and SEC filing information concerning the Company are available at the Company's website: www.nyandcompany.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190314005042/en/SOURCE: RTW Retailwinds, Inc.Investors:\nICR, Inc.\n(203) 682-8200\nAllison MalkinCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "RTW Retailwinds, Inc. Announces Date of Conference Call and Webcast for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2018 Results"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/a-year-after-zuckerbergs-testimony-on-violent-content-has-anything-changed-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 12:36 p.m. ET", "article": "At least 49 people were killed in a mass shooting in two mosques in New Zealand on Friday. The perpetrator broadcast live footage of the shooting on Facebook.Experts say thwarting this kind of social-media broadcast is difficult because of the lack of legal oversight, the invasive nature of technology and how people instinctively react to such images.They often share such videos and become desensitized to the violence.Rewind to April 2018. That\u2019s when Facebook FB, +0.17% founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified on Capitol Hill about the serious strides the social-media company was making to thwart the spread of hateful, violent content.\u201cWe\u2019re developing A.I. tools that can identify certain classes of bad activity pro-actively and flag it for our team at Facebook,\u201d he told U.S. Senators.\u201cToday, as we sit here, 99% of the ISIS and al-Qaeda content that we take down on Facebook, our A.I. systems flag before any human sees it,\u201d he added. Facebook intended to put more than 20,000 people on security and content review, Zuckerberg said.Fast forward to March 2019. On Friday, Facebook and other tech giants like Twitter TWTR, -0.45%  and YouTube GOOG, +0.06%  were under scrutiny because of what people saw and shared through their sites: The 17-minute livestreamed mass shooting, not to mention links to a manifesto apparently inspired by white nationalism.The three social-media companies told MarketWatch they had taken down the content, suspended accounts, were working authorities and were on guard to remove further posts. Facebook \u201cquickly removed\u201d the video when New Zealand police alerted the company, a company spokeswoman said.New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern tied the attack to people with \u201cextremist views,\u201d calling the shooting \u201cone of New Zealand\u2019s darkest days,\u201d adding, \u201cWhat has happened here is an extraordinary and unprecedented act of violence.\u201dViolence broadcast online isn\u2019t unprecedented. Four people pleaded guilty to charges in connection to the livestreamed 2017 beating of a Chicago teen with special needs. A 74-year-old Cleveland man was shot dead in 2017, and then the murder was posted on Facebook. That year, BuzzFeed did its own count and said there were at least 45 times that violence was broadcasted over Facebook Live since its December 2015 start.These sites insist they don\u2019t idly stand by, even with the sheer amount of posting and sharing that goes one. Facebook, Twitter and YouTube all have posting policies, computers tasked with spotting and removing content in violation of their policies. Humans too \u2014 a reportedly difficult job.The companies will also kick off people who run afoul of their rules, like when Twitter banned now-convicted \u201cpharma bro\u201d Martin Shkreli, and YouTube, Facebook and Twitter all booted conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, the creator of Infowars, from their platforms.But like Friday, violent materials still surface sometimes. The question is how to clamp down.\u201cI don\u2019t think it\u2019s an impossible task. It\u2019s a hard task, and it depends on the defaults we want to live with,\u201d said Danielle Citron, a University of Maryland law professor specializing in online free speech and privacy issues.That could mean delays and filters to inspect content that was possibly violent or showing non-consensual sex, Citron said.Zuckerberg recently announced Facebook\u2019s effort to build up user privacy. The company did not reply to a MarketWatch question if livestreaming would be included in the shift towards more user privacy.Months after Zuckerberg\u2019s trip to Washington D.C., Facebook\u2019s lawyers urged federal appellate judges in Manhattan to affirm the dismissal of a case claiming the site enabled Hamas to fan anti-Semitic violence in Israel.\u201cFacebook empathizes with all victims of terrorism and takes steps every day to rid Facebook of terrorist content,\u201d court papers said. Still, lawsuit was \u201cmeritless,\u201d it said.One of the company\u2019s arguments focused on the Communications Decency Act (CDA). Facebook said the law shielded it and similar service providers from what users put on the platform.The case is pending.When Twitter was unsuccessfully sued in San Francisco federal court over ISIS tweets, the company invoked the same law.The case is being appealed.The CDA wording \u201cis the absolute go-to defense and it is usually granted,\u201d Citron said. Tech companies have used it to fight off suits when all kinds of content spreads, from violence to hate speech to revenge porn, she said.\u201cWe have the internet we have today because of it,\u201d Citron said.Still, the prospect of more legal liability might make tech companies police their content more intensely, Citron said. If it was up to her, she\u2019d keep companies immune from lawsuits on content so long as they showed \u201creasonable practices\u201d to halt illegal content.Robert Tolchin, a lawyer for the plaintiffs in the Facebook and Twitter cases, said cases have wrongly built up protections for internet companies on the issue.\u201cIt\u2019s taken on a life of its own,\u201d he said.Human moderators still play a major role in removing objectionable social-media content, said Jennifer Golbeck, a professor at the College of Information Studies at the University of Maryland.\u201cAutomated approaches to understand video and images just aren\u2019t good enough to rely on at this point,\u201d Golbeck said.She pointed to the issues websites have faced using algorithms to weed out pornography. Telling software to flag anything with nudity as pornography led companies to block content that wasn\u2019t problematic, such breastfeeding or sexual-health education videos.\u201cComputers are so much better at understanding the meaning of words than images,\u201d Golbeck said. \u201cWords are defined, there are rules about how we put them together, and there\u2019s a lot of examples of things other people have said that computers can learn from. Understanding what is in a picture, though, is very hard, and understanding the context of that is even harder.\u201dAnother issue is the regulatory grey area for images or videos showing violence or terrorism.Companies like Facebook and YouTube have developed stronger algorithms to weed out content that they could be held liable for in a court of law, such as copyrighted materials and child pornography, said Kalev Leetaru, a senior fellow at the Center for Cyber and Homeland Security at Auburn University.\u201cFacebook actually faces real consequences if a Hollywood blockbuster is shared on their platform,\u201d he said. \u201cIt\u2019s never going to face any consequences for having facilitated a live stream of terrorism.\u201dHere\u2019s how Facebook\u2019s algorithm works: It compares potentially objectionable posts to a cache of content that has been deemed to represent terrorist or violent actions. But most of that content relates to acts from groups like ISIS or al-Qaeda.As a result, Leetaru said, it can fall short of identifying acts of violence perpetrated by other terrorist groups such as Boko Haram or white supremacists.Some violent imagery might be worth keeping out there, Leetaru argued. \u201cIf it\u2019s a video of Venezuelan police opening fire on protestors, that stream of violence you may want to permit,\u201d he said.Another complication: News organizations may also share articles or videos that contain stills from the violent videos. That\u2019s what some Australian outlets did with the Christchurch shooting.An algorithm would similarly flag those, even though the content would be protected under freedom of press laws, Leetaru said.The jury\u2019s out on the psychology behind sharing images or videos of violence and atrocities. But it\u2019s clear people don\u2019t respond to this content in the same way they would in the real world, said Desmond Upton Patton, associate professor of social work at Columbia University. \u201cWe have an ability to look with and engage with highly traumatic and violent content,\u201d he said.\u201cTechnology provides a distance,\u201d Patton said. \u201cThere is something that happens in the technology space to not feel and empathize with the trauma that they\u2019re seeing.\u201dBecause people don\u2019t always have the same emotional reaction to this content when they view it on social media, they are more willing to share or re-tweet it, he added.Research has long associated depictions of violence in electronic media with an increased propensity for aggressive or violent behavior. While evidence has not yet suggested the same link with social media, Patton said the disassociation people feel toward these platforms may promote violent activity.\u201cPeople feel freer to say or do things on social media that they would not say or do in reality,\u201d he said. \u201cOnce those things have been articulated on social media, for some people it becomes a need to follow through because you\u2019ve put it out there.\u201dGet a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "One year after Zuckerberg\u2019s testimony about violent content on Facebook, has anything changed?"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/global-gamings-x2-games-to-share-a-booth-with-amazon-at-the-game-developers-conference-and-south-by-southwest-2019-2019-03-15-9184220": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 9:02 a.m. ET", "article": "VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Mar 15, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- VANCOUVER, British Columbia, March 15, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- GLOBAL GAMING TECHNOLOGIES CORP. (BWSP) BLKCF (\"BLOC\", or the \"Company\")announces that its wholly owned subsidiary X2 Games Corp. (\"X2 Games\") will be attending the 2019 Game Developers Conference (\"GDC\") between March 18 - 22 at the Moscone Center in San Francisco. X2 Games will be sharing an exhibition booth with Amazon at GDC, where it will showcase its first Alexa-powered board game, St. Noire. Each St. Noire game is on sale now for $39.99 USD exclusively with Amazon and customers can place pre-orders through the following link: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07P693BG1. Prior to GDC, X2 Games will also be participating in a panel at the 2019 South by Southwest Conference (\"SXSW\") on March 15th, titled \"Toys and Games of Today and The Future of Play.\"Co-Founder, President & Chief Creative Officer of X2 Games, Zai Ortiz stated, \"What may seem like science fiction is in fact here today and it's incredibly fun to play. We want to share this, not just with those who are attending these conferences, but with the whole world. Our vision is to give our customers a once-in-a-lifetime experience, through new media and new platforms, that is beyond the current technology.\"At GDC, Zai Ortiz will be speaking about the future of Alexa voice gaming at a panel presented by Amazon called, \"Alexa, Give Your Game a Voice\" on Monday, March 18 [th] from 5:30 to 6:30 pm (PDT).Zai Ortiz will be on the Discovery Stage of the SXSW Conference with other industry pioneers, speaking about the future of gaming, the role of voice-activated technology in entertainment, augmented reality, and on the upcoming release of the interactive Amazon Alexa based board game, St. Noire.Both conferences have demonstrated immense success in showcasing the latest technologies companies have to offer in the gaming space each year. Last year, GDC was the world's largest and longest running event serving professionals dedicated to the art and science of making games. Over 28,000 industry professionals attended the conference in San Francisco's Moscone Convention Center along with over 550 companies exhibiting the latest gaming technologies and software. [1] Meanwhile the SXSW Conference in Austin, Texas had over 75,098 attendees last year with over 300,000 people participating in the additional musical and interactive film festival events. [2]On behalf of the Company:\nNolan Bushnell, Chairman and CEO of the Company\ninfo@globalblockchain.ioFor more information, please contact:Global Gaming Technologies Corp.\nInvestor Relations\nir@globalblockchain.io\n800-689-8089About Global Gaming Technologies Corp.Global Gaming Technologies Corp. is a gaming industry holding company that provides investment exposure to digital interactive entertainment in emerging technologies, such as Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality, and Artificial Intelligence, in addition to eSports and traditional game platforms, such as mobile and console. It is focused on gamifying content using visual cinematics across all platforms. The Company's strategy is to publish games and content that are immersive in storytelling, bold in design, and technologically innovative.The Company is managed by game and film industry pioneers. It is headquartered in Toronto, Canada with its primary game studio in Los Angeles, California.BLOC is listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange (\"CSE\") and its common shares trade under the ticker symbol \"BLOC.\" Additional information relating to BLOC is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, the CSE at www.theCSE.com, as well as on the Company's website at www.globalgaming.techCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking InformationThis news release contains \"forward-looking information\" within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Generally, any statements that are not historical facts may contain forward-looking information, and forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as \"plans\", \"expects\" or \"does not expect\", \"is expected\", \"budget\", \"scheduled\", \"estimates\", \"forecasts\", \"intends\", \"anticipates\" or \"does not anticipate\", or \"believes\", or variations of such words and phrases or indicates that certain actions, events or results \"may\", \"could\", \"would\", \"might\" or \"will be\" taken, \"occur\" or \"be achieved\". Forward-looking information includes, but is not limited to the Company's goal of streamlining the current arduous, lengthy and complicated process that interested investors need to undergo in order to gain exposure to the digital interactive entertainment space. The Company's business plan is conceptual in nature and there is no assurance that it will be implemented as set out herein, or at all. Forward-looking information is based on certain factors and assumptions the Company believes to be reasonable at the time such statements are made, including but not limited to: statements and expectations regarding the ability of the Company to (i) successfully engage senior management with appropriate industry experience and expertise, (ii) gain access to and acquire a basket of digital interactive entertainment assets and to participate in relevant financings on favourable terms or at all, (iii) successfully publish its own games and content, and (iv) execute on future M&A opportunities in the digital interactive entertainment space; receipt of required regulatory approvals; the availability of necessary financing; permitting and such other assumptions and factors as set out herein. Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information, including but not limited to: risks related to fluctuating popularity of eSports titles; the estimation of personnel and operating costs; general global markets and economic conditions; risks associated with uninsurable risks; risks associated with currency fluctuations; competition faced in securing experienced personnel with appropriate industry experience and expertise; risks associated with changes in the financial auditing and corporate governance standards applicable to gaming companies; risks related to potential conflicts of interest; the reliance on key personnel; financing, capitalization and liquidity risks including the risk that the financing necessary to fund continued development of the Company's business plan may not be available on satisfactory terms, or at all; the risk of potential dilution through the issuance of additional common shares of the Company; the risk of litigation. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information set out in this presentation, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such forward-looking information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such information. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are made based on management's beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date that statements are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change, except as required by laws. Investors are cautioned against attributing undue certainty to forward-looking statements.Neither the CSE nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the CSE) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.__________________________[1] https://www.gdconf.com/news/gdc-celebrates-record-breaking-attendance-confirms-2019-dates[2] https://www.cnn.com/2013/09/13/us/south-by-southwest-fast-facts/index.html(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Global Gaming's X2 Games to Share a Booth with Amazon at the Game Developers Conference and South by Southwest 2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/its-the-best-start-for-the-stock-market-in-32-years-by-one-measure-so-why-is-wall-street-so-uneasy-2019-02-24": {"date": "Feb 24, 2019 5:00 p.m. ET", "article": "The nine-week win streak for the 122-year-old Dow industrials has produced equal parts wonderment and dread. See full story.Buffett\u2019s annual letter to shareholders detailed a $25.4 billion loss in the fourth quarter of 2018. See full story.The former White House staffer speculates Cohen will \u201cshare the inner-workings of the Trump crime family\u201d and potentially hit Trump where it hurts most: his children. See full story.Experts say the card is designed to get more people to use Apple Pay, but consumers may want to think twice. See full story.David Stockman, the so-called \u201cFather of Reaganomics,\u201d is at it again in the most recent prognostication of doom for the markets and the broader economy. See full story.\u2018His shoes were held together by insulating tape \u2014 he said he didn\u2019t have any money.\u2019 See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free After the Bell newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "It\u2019s the best start for the stock market in 32 years by one measure \u2014 so why is Wall Street so uneasy?"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 2:50 p.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal Dutch Shell plc (the 'Company') RDS.A, -0.54% RDS.B, -0.56%  announces that on 26 March 2019 it purchased the following number of \"A\" Shares for cancellation.Aggregated information on \"A\" shares purchased according to trading venues:These share purchases form part of the third tranche of the Company's existing share buy-back programme previously announced on July 26, 2018. The Company announced the third tranche of its share buyback programme on January 31, 2019.In respect of this programme, J.P. Morgan Securities plc will make trading decisions in relation to the Company's securities independently of the Company for a period from January 31, 2019 up to and including 29 April, 2019.Any such share purchases will be effected within certain pre-set parameters, and in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase shares, Chapter 12 of the Listing Rules and Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU dealing with buy-back programmes and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.In accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU, a full breakdown of the individual trades made by J.P. Morgan Securities plc on behalf of the Company as a part of the buy-back programme is detailed below.PDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/841559/26032019_Shell_RNS_JPM.pdfEnquiries Shell Media Relations\nInternational, UK, European Press: +44(0)207 934 5550\nShell Investor Relations\nEurope: +31 70 377 3996 \nUnited States: +1 832 337 2034LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70\nClassification: Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own sharesView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-300818912.htmlSOURCE Royal Dutch Shell plcCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Royal Dutch Shell plc: Transaction in Own Shares"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 2:46 p.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 21, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal Dutch Shell plc (the 'Company') RDS.A, -0.51% RDS.B, -0.51% announces that on 21 March 2019 it purchased the following number of \"A\" Shares for cancellation.Aggregated information on \"A\" shares purchased according to trading venues:These share purchases form part of the third tranche of the Company's existing share buy-back programme previously announced on July 26, 2018. The Company announced the third tranche of its share buyback programme on January 31, 2019.In respect of this programme, J.P. Morgan Securities plc will make trading decisions in relation to the Company's securities independently of the Company for a period from January 31, 2019 up to and including 29 April, 2019.Any such share purchases will be effected within certain pre-set parameters, and in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase shares, Chapter 12 of the Listing Rules and Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU dealing with buy-back programmes and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.In accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU, a full breakdown of the individual trades made by J.P. Morgan Securities plc on behalf of the Company as a part of the buy-back programme is detailed below.PDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/839522/21032019_Shell_RNS_JPM.pdfEnquiries\nShell Media Relations\nInternational, UK, European Press: +44 (0)207 934 5550\nShell Investor Relations\nEurope: + 31 70 377 3996 \nUnited States: + 1 832 337 2034LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70\nClassification: Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own sharesView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-300816689.htmlSOURCE Royal Dutch Shell plcCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Royal Dutch Shell plc: Transaction in Own Shares"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 2:35 p.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal Dutch Shell plc (the 'Company') RDS.A, -0.51% RDS.B, -0.53% announces that on 20 March 2019 it purchased the following number of \"A\" Shares for cancellation.Aggregated information on \"A\" shares purchased according to trading venues:These share purchases form part of the third tranche of the Company's existing share buy-back programme previously announced on July 26, 2018. The Company announced the third tranche of its share buyback programme on January 31, 2019.In respect of this programme, J.P. Morgan Securities plc will make trading decisions in relation to the Company's securities independently of the Company for a period from January 31, 2019 up to and including 29 April, 2019.Any such share purchases will be effected within certain pre-set parameters, and in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase shares, Chapter 12 of the Listing Rules and Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU dealing with buy-back programmes and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.In accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU, a full breakdown of the individual trades made by J.P. Morgan Securities plc on behalf of the Company as a part of the buy-back programme is detailed below.PDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/838832/20032019_Shell_RNS_JPM.pdfEnquiries\nShell Media Relations\nInternational, UK, European Press: +44(0)207-934-5550\nShell Investor Relations\nEurope: +31-70-377-3996 \nUnited States: +1-832-337-2034LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70\nClassification: Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-300815912.htmlSOURCE Royal Dutch Shell plcCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Royal Dutch Shell plc: Transaction in Own Shares"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazons-stock-jumps-13-premarket-after-analyst-upgrade-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 6:33 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 2:47 p.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 22, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal Dutch Shell plc (the 'Company') RDS.A, -0.55% RDS.B, -0.54% announces that on 22 March 2019 it purchased the following number of \"A\" Shares for cancellation.Aggregated information on \"A\" shares purchased according to trading venues:These share purchases form part of the third tranche of the Company's existing share buy-back programme previously announced on July 26, 2018. The Company announced the third tranche of its share buyback programme on January 31, 2019.In respect of this programme, J.P. Morgan Securities plc will make trading decisions in relation to the Company's securities independently of the Company for a period from January 31, 2019 up to and including 29 April, 2019.Any such share purchases will be effected within certain pre-set parameters, and in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase shares, Chapter 12 of the Listing Rules and Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU dealing with buy-back programmes and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.In accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU, a full breakdown of the individual trades made by J.P. Morgan Securities plc on behalf of the Company as a part of the buy-back programme is detailed below.PDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/840040/22032019_Shell_RNS_JPM.pdfEnquiriesShell Media Relations \nInternational, UK, European Press: +44(0)207-934-5550\nShell Investor Relations\nEurope: +31-70-377-3996  \nUnited States: +1-832-337-2034LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70 \nClassification: Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-300817216.htmlSOURCE Royal Dutch Shell plcCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Royal Dutch Shell plc: Transaction in Own Shares"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/chase-freedom-announces-grocery-stores-and-home-improvement-stores-as-new-quarterly-categories-this-spring-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 8:48 a.m. ET", "article": "Today, Chase Freedom announced new quarterly categories for the start of spring \u2013 grocery stores and home improvement stores. Chase Freedom\u2019s quarterly categories allow cardmembers to earn 5% cash back on up to $1,500 in combined purchases from April 1 through June 30. This quarter, Chase brought back home improvement stores for the first time since 2014, and grocery stores \u2013 a cardmember favorite.\u201cWe know our cardmembers are eager to kick off spring with celebrations and new projects,\u201d said BJ Mahoney, General Manager of Chase Freedom. \u201cThis quarter\u2019s categories, grocery stores and home improvement stores, allow cardmembers to always earn on their essentials to take them through the season.\u201dStarting April 1 through June 30, Chase Freedom cardmembers can earn 5% cash back on up to $1,500 in combined purchases on the following:Chase Freedom is making it easier than ever to activate quarterly categories. Beginning in early April, cardmembers will now be able to activate quarterly categories on the Chase Mobile App through their mobile device.In addition to the quarterly category offers, the Chase Freedom card provides many benefits to customers \u2013 1% cash back on all other purchases, and after $1,500 spend in the quarterly categories, rewards that don\u2019t expire with no minimum value to redeem, and no annual fee.For more information on the participating merchants and how to activate Freedom\u2019s 2019 second quarter category offer beginning on April 1, click here beginning March 15 [th] .About ChaseChase is the U.S. consumer and commercial banking business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.44% a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. Chase serves nearly half of America\u2019s households with a broad range of financial services, including personal banking, credit cards, mortgages, auto financing, investment advice, small business loans and payment processing. Customers can choose how and where they want to bank: 5,200 branches, 16,000 ATMs, mobile, online and by phone.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190314005434/en/SOURCE: Chase Card Services\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@ChaseLauren Ryan\n(212) 270-4435\nlauren.f.ryan@jpmorgan.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Chase Freedom\u00ae Announces Grocery Stores and Home Improvement Stores as New Quarterly Categories This Spring"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/intero-takes-on-monterey-peninsula-with-opening-of-larger-carmel-office-and-addition-of-industry-veteran-jr-rouse-2019-03-13": {"date": "Mar 13, 2019 11:16 a.m. ET", "article": "Intero, a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate and wholly owned subsidiary of HomeServices of America, Inc., is proud to announce the hiring of J.R. Rouse as the Vice President and Managing Officer of the Monterey Peninsula operation.J.R., a 20-year real estate veteran, moved to California in 1989, and spent the next ten years in Silicon Valley at iconic technology brands Silicon Graphics and Cybersource. He started his real estate career on the Monterey Peninsula in 2000 when he moved to Pacific Grove. Six years later, he opened his own real estate brokerage, J.R. Rouse Real Estate, and was quickly honored by the Pacific Grove Chamber of Commerce as Entrepreneur of the Year. He managed his firm until he joined Sotheby's International Realty in January of 2014.During his successful career, J.R. has taken on many leadership roles at various local and state real estate organizations. He served on the Monterey County Board of Realtors in a variety of positions including Director (2002), Secretary/Treasurer (2003), President Elect (2004), and President (2005). During 2007 and 2008, J.R. served as a director of MLSListings Inc., and from 2008 to 2011, he served on the Strategic Planning and Finance Committee for the California Association of Realtors (C.A.R.), acting as the vice-chair in his final year.\u201cI am so excited about being with a company that has alignment with my own personal and professional philosophies,\u201d said J.R. Rouse, Intero Vice President and Managing Officer. \u201cWe will combine my professional connections and business drive with Intero\u2019s marketing and operational support and we will build something very special on the Monterey Peninsula.\u201dThe first step in the strategic plan to make Intero the number one brokerage on the Monterey Peninsula was to increase the size and location of the Carmel operation. This is in the works and soon Intero Carmel will move from its current petite location on Lincoln between 5 [th] and 6 [th] to its large and open office at 3 NE Ocean Avenue and San Carlos.\u201cWe are beyond thrilled to have J.R. join our leadership team running our Monterey Peninsula operation,\u201d said Tom Tognoli, Intero President & Chief Executive Officer. \u201cHe brings a level of enthusiasm and passion that is unprecedented in our industry.\u201dJoining J.R. in his move to Intero is Jan Pratt. Jan has been J.R.\u2019s Assistant and Broker Associate for more than 13 years and is an integral part of his past success.About the Intero\u00ae Brand:Intero, a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate and wholly owned subsidiary of HomeServices of America Inc., serves Northern California with 18 offices throughout the greater Silicon Valley. The Intero Franchise network is comprised of 55 affiliates located in Alabama, California, Nevada, Tennessee and Texas. The company is headquartered in California\u2019s Silicon Valley.Find more information about Intero at www.intero.com. Find more information about HomeServices at www.homeservices.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190313005530/en/SOURCE: Intero\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@interoREDerek Overbey \u2013 Intero \u2013 A Berkshire Hathaway Affiliate\n(408) 342-8605 - doverbey@intero.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Intero Takes on Monterey Peninsula With Opening of Larger Carmel Office and Addition of Industry Veteran J.R. Rouse"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/stock-index-futures-edge-mostly-lower-after-fed-signals-rates-on-hold-amid-growth-worries-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 4:56 p.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks closed higher Thursday on the back of a rally in the technology sector, while shares of Apple Inc. surged, helping to propel the Dow.The market\u2019s strong upside momentum comes a day after the Federal Reserve signaled that it was unlikely to raise interest rates this year amid worries over slowing economic growth.The Dow DJIA, -0.01% rose 216.84 points, or 0.8%, to 25,962.51, marking its best daily gain since Feb. 15, while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.11% climbed 30.65 points, or 1.1%, to 2,854.88 and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.23% added 109.99 points, or 1.4%, to 7,838.96. Both the Nasdaq and S&P 500 logged their best gains since March 11.The S&P 500\u2019s information technology sector provided much of the buoyancy for the broader market, rising 2.5%. Apple AAPL, +0.82%  shares were up 3.7% after Needham upgraded the stock to strong buy. But the gains weren\u2019t enough for the iPhone maker to wrest the crown for the largest company by market value from Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.63%  which ended the day valued at $922.35 billion versus Apple\u2019s $919.90 billion, according to FactSet data.Major benchmarks had ended Wednesday mostly lower with bank stocks battered as Treasury yields fell on the Fed\u2019s dovish outlook. Lower rates and a flatter yield curve are seen as a negative for lenders. Some analysts also tied weakness to concerns about the outlook for U.S. economic growth after Fed Chairman Jerome Powell acknowledged worries about global growth.The S&P 500\u2019s financial sector remained under pressure Thursday, as a prolonged pause in interest rates can undercut their lending models.The market\u2019s volatility Wednesday was due, in part, to comments by President Donald Trump, who said tariffs on Chinese goods could remain in place \u201cfor a substantial period of time\u201d even after a trade deal is reached to promote enforcement of the agreement.China\u2019s commerce ministry confirmed Thursday that U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will visit China on March 28-29 for more discussion on trade, while Chinese Vice Premier Liu He will travel to Washington early next month to continue the negotiations.Meanwhile, the European Union proposed an extension of the Brexit deadline to May 22 on the condition that the U.K. Parliament support Prime Minister Theresa May\u2019s withdrawal deal, which will be put to vote next week.The Labor Department said the number of laid-off workers who applied for first-time unemployment benefits fell by 9,000 in the week ended March 16 to 221,000\u2014a one-month low. Economists surveyed by MarketWatch had forecast claims to total 225,000.The Philadelphia Fed\u2019s business activity index rebounded in March to a seasonally adjusted reading of 13.7 from -4.1 the previous month. A reading above zero indicates improving conditions. Economists polled by MarketWatch had forecast a reading of 3.The Conference Board\u2019s leading economic index rose 0.2% in February, its first uptick since September.\u201cEconomists will now debate over the coming months whether this dovish commitment is a policy mistake,\u2019 wrote Edward Moya, market analyst with Oanda. \u201cThe Fed\u2019s concern for the economy likely suggests they will be overly cautious reversing course back to a tightening bias even if we see a strong second quarter of data.\u201d\u201cU.S. data this morning was strong and will like fuel the fire that is questioning the Fed\u2019s dovish commitment,\u201d he added. \u201cJobless claims came in better than expected and the Philadelphia Fed business outlook rebounded sharply.\u201d\u201cPowell and the Fed delivered a balanced message to U.S. investors, indicating that the lack of clarity warrants a patient stance,\u201d said John Lynch, chief investment strategist at LPL Research, in a note. \u201cWe side with the Fed here in thinking that underlying economic conditions remain solid, with evidence of a slowdown at the beginning of this year from near-term temporary headwinds.\u201dShares Biogen Inc. BIIB, -0.51% slumped 29% after the biotechnology firm said it decided to discontinue late-stage trials of a treatment for Alzheimer\u2019s disease. The share decline for Biogen was its largest on record, based on FactSet data.Shares of Micron Technology Inc. MU, -1.59% soared 9.6%. The memory-chip company reported below-consensus earnings for the fiscal second quarter on Wednesday. The stock has lost nearly 2% of its value over the past six months, but investors have bid up the stock more than 38% year-to-date, in anticipation of a recovery in the chip sector in the second half of 2019.Shares of jeans-maker Levi Strauss & Co. LEVI, +0.94%  surged 32% after opening at $22.22 on the New York Stock Exchange, significantly above its initial-public-offering price of $17.Read: Levi Strauss & Co. IPO: 5 things to know about the iconic jeans companyDarden Restaurants Inc. DRI, -0.19% shares climbed 6.9% after the Olive Garden parent company reported fiscal third-quarter profit and sales that beat expectations, and raised its full-year guidance.Shares of Conagra Brands Inc. CAG, +0.57% jumped 13% after the food company reported fiscal third-quarter earnings that beat Wall Street estimates.Lands\u2019 End Inc. LE, +0.88% shares fell 6.3% after the clothing retailer reported a 59% decline in profits for its most recent quarter.Asian stocks closed mostly higher, with Japan\u2019s Nikkei 225 NIK, -0.23% adding 0.2% and China\u2019s Shanghai Composite Index SHCOMP, +0.85% rising 0.4%. Hong Kong\u2019s Hang Seng Index, however, fell 0.9%.European markets were pressured, with the Stoxx Europe 600 SXXP, +0.38% edging lower.Crude-oil prices CLK9, +0.13% retreated while the price of gold GCJ9, -0.23% settled higher, and the U.S. dollar DXY, +0.07% rose against other currencies.\u2014William Watts contributed to this articleProviding critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Dow logs best day in 5 weeks as tech shares, Apple buoys stock market"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/facebook-crumbles-around-its-lonely-king-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 7:47 a.m. ET", "article": "Mark Zuckerberg seems increasingly alone at the top of Facebook Inc., with executives streaming out the doors as he promises a new direction that seems antithetical to all he has said about the company\u2019s plans for years.He can, of course, do what he wants, because the company is truly a Mark Zuckerberg production, and because he has always had what Silicon Valley founders crave: founder control of his company. As more executives depart, Facebook appears to be heading further under Zuckerberg\u2019s total rule.Facebook FB, +0.84% has suffered seemingly endless controversies, including the most recent, hosting a live stream of mass shootings in two mosques in New Zealand. Facebook was alerted by the police in Christchurch to remove the video, which was not found by any of Facebook\u2019s AI engines or humans searching for violent content, contrary to Zuckerberg\u2019s explanation to Congress a year ago about how its systems are getting better at finding harmful content. Facebook said in a blog post this week that in the first 24 hours of the shootings, it removed about 1.5 million videos of the attack globally, with more than 1.2 million of those videos blocked at upload.The massacres happened two days after a massive outage and a day after a top executive left amid reported unhappiness with Zuckerberg\u2019s new direction, outlined in a manifesto that was long on words while being short on detail. It appears Zuckerberg has dug himself into a foxhole, where he is following his inner instincts and intuition for the company he started up with his roommates at Harvard 15 years ago. Needham & Co. analyst Laura Martin, citing recent events plus a looming threat of regulation, said the combined risks are creating a negative network effect for Facebook.Investors who may be unhappy with the continued chaos know their hands are tied even if they don\u2019t agree with how Zuckerberg is ruling over his kingdom. Zuckerberg still controls about 60% of Facebook\u2019s votes. The departure of a key lieutenant \u2014 longtime product chief Chris Cox \u2014 on top of the loss of the founders of Instagram and WhatsApp, signal growing internal turmoil, with a CEO more alone at the top.Read more about Silicon Valley\u2019s poor corporate governance through its embrace of founder control\u201cThere have been some significant high-level departures that have raised a lot of concerns,\u201d said Jonas Kron, who leads shareholder advocacy efforts at Trillium Asset Management, an employee-owned investment-management firm based in Boston. \u201cThen you top it off with New Zealand, and a 12-hour outage, it\u2019s sort of hard to keep up.\u201dLast October, Trillium submitted a shareholder proposal with the backing of several state treasurers, representing about 5 million shares, asking Facebook\u2019s board to appoint an independent chairman.\u201cThere is a lot going on, and the company would greatly benefit from having Mark Zuckerberg focus on management and execution, and have an independent board chair focusing on the board and relations with investors and board oversight,\u201d he said.Throughout the many crises that the company has endured following the U.S. elections in 2016, Zuckerberg has appeared to listen to no one but possibly Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg. The New York Times reported late last year that Zuckerberg and Sandberg ignored repeated warning signs of some of the many problems that have bedeviled Facebook.There have been anecdotal reports about some Facebook employees looking for new jobs or not feeling comfortable giving dissenting opinions amid Zuckerberg\u2019s tight control. In January, CNBC reported on the company\u2019s cult-like culture and how the fear among some employees to give honest feedback may have contributed to the scandals that have enveloped the company.Two weeks ago, Zuckerberg surprised investors and users with a more-than-3,000-word pledge to improve privacy, admitting, in the understatement of the year, that Facebook \u201cdoes not have a strong reputation for privacy.\u201d Facebook now plans to work on a single encrypted-messaging platform, a move that Cox obviously disagreed with by his resignation.Cox was not the only key executive to depart in the past few months. Last fall, co-founders of both WhatsApp and Instagram left in disagreements over the directions Zuckerberg wanted to take their platforms, a few years after their acquisitions by Facebook. He had initially promised to leave the companies alone, running them as subsidiaries. In Martin\u2019s note, in which the Needham analyst also downgraded the stock to a hold, she highlighted 11 senior executive departures over the past several months.\u201cA Negative Network Effect suggests that departures will continue, and since we believe that people are a key competitive advantage of FAANG companies, this implies accelerating value destruction until senior executive turnover ends,\u201d Martin wrote. \u2018We prefer to move to the sidelines until we see senior employee turnover stabilize.\u201dThe pressure to produce continued revenue growth as well as generate revenue at its other properties, Instagram and WhatsApp, even as user growth at Facebook declines, have led Zuckerberg to make some severe decisions. Those decisions could just lead to more controversies, however.After his privacy manifesto, which talked about encrypting all messages, many worried that Facebook would be increasingly used for more evil means, and that the company would not be able to police abuses on its network or to help law enforcement. Roger McNamee, an early Facebook investor and co-founder of Elevation Partners, believes that even with encryption of messages, the company\u2019s core business model remains intact. Messaging is \u201ca tiny fraction of the data and metadata that matters,\u201d for Facebook\u2019s business model, he said, because it can continue to glean information about its users for targeted advertising through newsfeed and story activity.\u201cThe manifesto leaves FB\u2019s business model unchanged. That is not acceptable,\u201d McNamee said in an email. \u201cThe business model amplifies hate speech, disinformation, and conspiracy theories, with increasingly severe consequences, such as the terrorism in New Zealand.\u201dRead about McNamee\u2019s new book, which talks about the problems at Facebook and his solutionsWhether Zuckerberg\u2019s decisions and instincts are correct or not, Facebook investors have to trust him. Because he still has voting control, the company\u2019s board and its investors just have to agree or vote with their feet, since they don\u2019t technically have any real say. Some day, Zuckerberg may end up as a poster child for the concept of the gradual elimination of founder control and dual-class shares, a proposal that some officials at the Securities and Exchange Commission support, which would put some sort of time limit on founder control of a company.Jonas of Trillium believes that is an imperfect solution.\u201cThe better approach is just not to have dual-class at all,\u201d he said. \u201cOne share, one vote.\u201dBut while more investors are speaking out against dual-class stock and founder control in public companies, the concept is becoming even more popular as a new wave of major IPOs starts to hit U.S. markets. Ride-hailing app developer Lyft\u2019s prospectus revealed it is going to go public with dual-class stock, with its two founders, Logan Green and John Zimmer, expected to have control. That\u2019s after rival Uber Technology Inc.\u2019s well-documented problems with its controlling co-founder, Travis Kalanick. A D.A. Davidson analyst wrote in a note this week that Lyft gained riders after the spate of scandals at Uber, ranging from a culture of widespread sexual harassment to software used to deceive regulators, that ultimately led to Kalanick\u2019s ouster.At Facebook\u2019s next annual meeting, likely to be held in May, shareholders will have an opportunity to voice their displeasure with some of Zuckerberg\u2019s recent decisions and his reign in general. But with Zuckerberg\u2019s control and the votes stacked against them, why would they even bother?\u201cThe goal is to give investors the opportunity to express an opinion about whether an independent board chair is a good idea or not and to give the board that information,\u201d Jonas said. \u201cIf a majority of outside shareholders agree to that, even if its only 40%, that\u2019s an opinion that I think everyone would agree should be taken seriously.\u201dInvestors need to remember that at founder-controlled companies, when the going gets tough, they don\u2019t really have much say. They can try to send messages to management and the board, through things like shareholder resolutions, but the founder/controlling shareholder always has the final say.Want this type of analysis sent to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free MarketWatch First Takes newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Opinion: Facebook crumbles around its lonely king"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/aligned-energy-launches-aligned-accesstmits-software-defined-connectivity-solution-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 8:06 a.m. ET", "article": "Aligned Energy, a leading data center provider offering innovative, sustainable and adaptable colocation and build-to-scale solutions for cloud, enterprise, and managed service providers, announces the launch of Aligned Access\u2122. This software-defined, carrier-neutral connectivity solution extends customer reach across Aligned\u2019s data center network and beyond with accessibility to: leading Cloud Service Providers (CSPs), including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform, IBM Cloud, Salesforce, and others; IT service and network providers; and more.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005140/en/As an intuitive, Software-Defined Network (SDN), Aligned Access allows customers to seamlessly adapt their hybrid IT needs and expand their network service capabilities and footprint with highly reliable connectivity and low-latency transport. The Aligned Access portfolio of carrier-neutral connectivity solutions includes:\u201cAligned Energy is committed to providing carrier-neutral and open connectivity to extend the reach of our customers to the cloud, to their customers, partners and providers, and beyond,\u201d comments Andrew Schaap, CEO of Aligned Energy. \u201cThese ideals, along with our powerfully-built services, ultimately promote better outcomes for customers both today and in the future, empowering critical expansion while facilitating a new path forward for data center connectivity.\u201dWith Ashburn ranked as having the highest density of dark fiber in the world, and Phoenix, Dallas and Salt Lake City all boasting some of the country\u2019s fastest internet speeds and mobile networks, Aligned Energy\u2019s data centers are strategically located to provide robust, high-speed connectivity infrastructure. Each facility delivers carrier-neutral connectivity to a wide range of carriers and telecommunications providers using a diverse set of Meet-Me Rooms (MMRs), all at no monthly cross connect fees.For more information about Aligned Access, visit alignedenergy.com/solutions/connectivity.About Aligned EnergyAligned Energy is an infrastructure technology company that offers adaptable colocation and build-to-scale solutions to cloud, enterprise, and managed service providers. Our intelligent infrastructure allows us to deliver data centers like a utility \u2014 accessible and consumable as needed. By reducing the energy, water and space needed to operate, our data center solutions, combined with our patented cooling technology, offer businesses a competitive advantage by improving reliability and their bottom line. For more information, visitwww.alignedenergy.comand connect with us onTwitter,LinkedInandFacebook.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005140/en/SOURCE: Aligned Energy180 Marketing Communications, Inc.\nJennifer Handshew\nM: +1 (917) 359-8838\njennifer@180-mktg.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Aligned Energy Launches Aligned Access\u2122,Its Software-defined Connectivity Solution"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/threat-stack-provides-multi-cloud-observability-across-host-andcontainers-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "Threat Stack, the leader in cloud infrastructure security, today announced the next stage of its multi-cloud support which extends security observability to containers. Leveraging full workload observability of all major public cloud platforms including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform (GCP) gives Threat Stack customers the flexibility to scale and grow their business using the cloud platform of their choosing without sacrificing security.According to Gartner\u2019s October 2018 report \u201cMarket Insight: Multicloud Becomes Essential for Cloud IaaS Offerings,\u201d 49 percent of organizations were approaching their cloud computing IaaS strategy through multi-cloud adoption in 2017, but that is expected to increase to 75 percent by 2022. Organizations are seeing multiple benefits of multi-cloud environments including access to best of breed capabilities offered by the various cloud service providers, cost savings, reduced risk of vendor lock-in, and data portability.Threat Stack helps its customers achieve full-stack cloud security observability across their entire infrastructure regardless of the cloud provider. With visibility into every workload Threat Stack customers can quickly identify and mitigate risks without sacrificing the availability of critical services and customer-facing applications.\u201cMulti-cloud is quickly becoming the standard cloud model across the industry and Threat Stack has been helping secure multi-cloud environments for over three years,\u201d said Aditya Joshi, Executive Vice President, Product and Technology, Threat Stack. \u201cProviding workload observability into your cloud infrastructure, regardless of deployment model is a critical aspect of true full-stack cloud security observability.\u201dTo learn more about the Threat Stack Cloud Security Platform [\u00ae] , the Threat Stack Cloud SecOps Program\u2120, and Threat Stack\u2019s support for multi-cloud environments, read How to Achieve Full Stack, Multi-Cloud Security Observability.About Threat Stack\nThreat Stack enables DevOps and SecOps teams to innovate and scale securely by providing full-stack cloud security observability from the control plane to the application layer. Purpose-built for today\u2019s infrastructure, the Threat Stack Cloud Security Platform [\u00ae] and Cloud SecOps Program\u2120 combine cloud optimized intrusion defense, continuous security monitoring, and proactive risk assessment to help Security and Operations teams detect security incidents, achieve compliance, and deploy containers securely.For more information or to schedule a demo, visit threatstack.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190314005503/en/SOURCE: Threat Stack\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@threatstackTim Morin\nfama PR for Threat Stack\n(617) 986-5015\nthreatstack@famapr.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Threat Stack Provides Multi-cloud Observability Across Host andContainers"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/aurigo-announces-major-release-of-aurigo-masterworks-cloud-version-11-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 1:13 a.m. ET", "article": "AUSTIN, Texas, March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Aurigo Software Technologies, developer of America's leading capital program and project management software, today announced a major new version of Aurigo Masterworks Cloud version to help infrastructure owners reimagine success for their capital projects. The SaaS product offering from Aurigo is delivered on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud infrastructure.Aurigo Masterworks Cloud is a comprehensive, purpose-built SaaS product specifically designed for the complex needs of large-scale, public-facing capital projects. Aurigo Masterworks Cloud will help cities, counties, states, agencies, and facility owners plan, build, and maintain capital assets, infrastructure, and facilities, without having to rely on a multitude of point solutions or system integrators to develop custom solutions. The new capabilities introduced in this release, powering over 25,000 users across 40,000 capital projects in North America, are designed to enable public agencies, and infrastructure owners across North America operate more efficiently, increase transparency, reduce risks, and transform their communities and regions.Aurigo offers a total of seventeen products in the Masterworks Cloud suite, and they can be purchased either stand-alone or bundled. Aurigo Masterworks cloud comprises four distinct product lines:Each product line of Aurigo comprises a family of products to automate different aspects of the plan, build, maintain and operate phases of the infrastructure lifecycle. All products are powered by the Aurigo Masterworks platform, which includes powerful reporting and dashboard capabilities, robust document management and collaboration tools, and a native mobile application for iOS, Android, and Windows smartphones and tablets. Some of the new enhancements in version 11 include:\"Master Contract\" and \"Work Orders\" As an extension of our best-in-class contract management product, Aurigo has now announced the new \"master contract\" feature that can be used to create contracts which can benefit multiple projects.  With the master contract feature, contracts are established with a specific vendor for a pre-defined time. Ceiling costs and work orders are executed within the contract across various projects.  Masterworks Cloud version 11 simplifies the tracking of all work done and every payment made in the contract.Resource ManagementCapital projects are always resource-intensive. Effective resource management is a pivotal part of effective project management.  Masterworks' all-new Resource Management feature helps users manage and allocate the 3 M's--Manpower, Machines, and Material--across and within individual projects. Masterworks provides over-utilization and under-utilization charts along with extensive resource reporting and dashboarding capabilities to give organizations full clarity into their resource planning.Vendor ManagementThe enhanced Vendor Management feature in version 11 enables capital project and infrastructure owners to oversee and analyze all the vendors, consultants, and suppliers they interact with during the capital project lifecycle. Vendor performance can be measured and ranked based on criteria you can define to meet your organization's specific quality standards and needs. Microsoft Outlook Plug-inThe plug-in for Microsoft Outlook is now a standard feature in Aurigo Masterworks Cloud version 11. Masterworks users can now upload emails and attachments directly from Microsoft Outlook without logging into Masterworks! The new Outlook Plug-In requires a one-time setup and configuration within MS Outlook. Once configured, users can seamlessly upload their emails and attachments to document management folders of a project or contract in Masterworks.Microsoft Project IntegrationMicrosoft Project is one of the most widely-used scheduling applications to maintain construction project plans across the world. Aurigo Masterworks' new MS Project integration API in version 11 allows users to import, export, and run bi-directional updates of project plans either in MS Project or with Masterworks Schedule. This new functionality provides schedule or actuals data to be synced in both applications at all times--ensuring everyone gets the most current and accurate view of the information.\"Aurigo Masterworks Cloud version 11 has been tested for large scale deployment. I am excited to announce that our investment in designing high performance architecture has paid rich dividends, and our users will now experience a 3X faster response with the latest release of Masterworks,\" said Kevin Koenig, Chief Technology Officer.\"Aurigo Masterworks Cloud version 11 is more secure and scalable. It uses microservices to support critical business functions and comes with pre-configured forms and workflows to reduce the implementation time. From an implementation perspective, the latest release of Masterworks Cloud can be deployed in 90 - 120 days for small to mid-size cities and counties,\" said Ashish Agrawal, Vice President of Product & Platform.\"Aurigo Masterworks Cloud version 11 significantly extends the lead we have over our competition. It is a major release that we are very proud of, and we have done this by enhancing the full lifecycle construction management capability and adding newer products. Our customers will experience superior ease of use, rapid deployment capabilities and higher availability with our new release. Also, Masterworks 11 extends our breadth of capability into the full plan, build, maintain and operate lifecycle of capital projects,\" said Balaji Sreenivasan, CEO, Aurigo Software.Mr. Sreenivasan added \"Infrastructure in America is crumbling, and a massive investment in this sector is a matter of when and not if. We see that transparent, performance-based monitoring and timely infrastructure delivery are the biggest goals facing transportation agencies across America today, as they prepare to consume and spend over a trillion dollars on infrastructure projects over the next decade. Agencies need the latest technology and tools that are catered toward transportation agencies to help them plan and deliver these projects on time and budget. With our latest release 11, Aurigo Masterworks has secured its position on the leader board as the best-in-class capital program and project portfolio management software in North America.\"About Aurigo\nAurigo Software is North America's leading provider of modern cloud software to help infrastructure owners plan, build, maintain and operate their multi-billion-dollar capital investments safely and efficiently. Aurigo Masterworks Cloud is a comprehensive suite of enterprise software products that automates the entire lifecycle of capital programs, including planning, forecasting, budgeting, bid & estimation, project management, contract administration, scheduling, right of way, permitting, materials testing, field inspection, civil rights, and document control. The system has robust reporting and dashboard capabilities, and a native mobile application. Aurigo is investing extensively to harness Artificial Intelligence, Big Data and Blockchain technologies in its product roadmap. Aurigo helps over 200 customers plan and deliver over $300 Billion of capital programs safely and efficiently. Aurigo is a privately held US corporation headquartered in Austin, Texas, with wholly owned subsidiaries in Canada and India. Visit www.aurigo.com for more information.View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aurigo-announces-major-release-of-aurigo-masterworks-cloud-version-11-300818295.htmlSOURCE Aurigo SoftwareCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Aurigo Announces Major Release Of Aurigo Masterworks Cloud Version 11"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/warren-buffett-kraft-heinz-writedown-cost-berkshire-hathaway-big-in-2018-2019-02-23-12103011": {"date": "Feb 23, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "Buffett\u2019s annual letter to shareholders detailed a $25.4 billion loss in the fourth quarter of 2018. See full story.Warren Buffett\u2019s annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway shareholders will be released Saturday morning and pored over by investors around the world. Here\u2019s what to expect from the warts-and-all missive. See full story.But eliminating it would probably do more harm than good See full story.U.S. markets are on an unmitigated tear, by several measures, but the recent span of buoyancy for equity benchmarks, including a nine-week win streak for the 122-year-old Dow industrials, has produced equal parts wonderment and dread. See full story.Like millions of American workers, Smollett was reportedly unhappy with his salary. See full story.In his annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway shareholders, Buffett recounted buying shares of Cities Service in 1942. See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Midday Report newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Warren Buffett: Kraft Heinz writedown cost Berkshire Hathaway big in 2018"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nanostring-technologies-announces-pricing-of-public-offering-of-4500000-shares-of-common-stock-2019-03-19-18184345": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 6:34 p.m. ET", "article": "SEATTLE, March 19, Mar 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SEATTLE, March 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NanoString Technologies, Inc. NSTG, +0.17% a provider of life science tools for translational research and molecular diagnostic products, today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 4,500,000 shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $23.00 per share pursuant to its shelf registration statement. NanoString will sell 2,500,000 shares of common stock, and Clarus Lifesciences II, L.P., a stockholder of NanoString, will sell 2,000,000 shares of common stock. NanoString has granted to the underwriters of the offering a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 675,000 shares of common stock at the public offering price. NanoString intends to use the net proceeds of the offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. NanoString will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock by the selling stockholder. The offering is expected to close on or about March 22, 2019, subject to customary closing conditions.J.P. Morgan, UBS Investment Bank and Cowen are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. Baird is acting as lead manager for the offering.A shelf registration statement on Form S-3 relating to the common stock offered in the public offering described above was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 18, 2019 and automatically became effective upon filing. The offering is being made only by means of a written prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering have been filed with the SEC and are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus will be filed with the SEC. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, and when available, copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, may also be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by phone at 1-866-803-9204, or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; from UBS Securities LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, 25th floor, New York, NY 10019, or by phone at 888-827-7275 or by email at ol-prospectus-request@ubs.com; or from Cowen and Company, LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY, 11717, Attn: Prospectus Department or by phone at 631-274-2806.This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities being offered, nor shall there be any sale of the securities being offered in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.Contact\nDouglas Farrell\nVice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications\ndfarrell@nanostring.com\nPhone: 206-602-1768(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "NanoString Technologies Announces Pricing of Public Offering of 4,500,000 Shares of Common Stock"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/jpmorgan-chase-declares-preferred-stock-dividends-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 4:18 p.m. ET", "article": "JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.48% (\u201cJPMorgan Chase\u201d or the \u201cFirm\u201d) declared dividends on the outstanding shares of the Firm\u2019s Series I, Q, U, Z and CC preferred stock. Information can be found on the Firm\u2019s Investor Relations website at jpmorganchase.com/press-releases.JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.48% is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of customers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190315005545/en/SOURCE: JPMorgan Chase & Co.Investor Contact:\nJason Scott\n212-270-2479 Media Contact:\nJoseph Evangelisti\n212-270-7438Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "JPMorgan Chase Declares Preferred Stock Dividends"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/trumps-mueller-victory-the-yield-curve-and-slowing-growth-heres-how-to-navigate-the-stock-market-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 5:38 p.m. ET", "article": "When the stock market has a bad day, gurus make dire predictions, such as the stock market plunging 40%. On the other hand, when the stock market has a good day, they make rosy predictions.Both bullish and bearish gurus always put on a confident face. Do you find these contradictions helpful in an actionable way?You may be familiar with Arora\u2019s Second Law of Investing: No one knows with certainty what is going to happen next.There are always cross-currents in the stock market. Let\u2019s explore how to navigate the stock market with the help of a chart.Please click here for an annotated chart of S&P 500 SPY, -0.18% Somewhat different conclusions can be drawn from the charts of the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.04% Nasdaq 100 ETF QQQ, -0.17% and small-cap ETF IWM, -0.43% Please note the following:\u2022 Irrespective of your political ideology, the Mueller report is a win for Trump and for investors.\u2022 The Arora Report monitors leading economic indicators from 23 countries. We have been warning investors since last year that global growth is slowing. Now Wall Street is catching on.\u2022 The yield curve has barely inverted. Contrary to gloom-and-doom projections based on the yield curve, in our analysis at The Arora Report, there are special factors related to central banks that are at play. For this reason, the historical precedents may not apply. Investors should keep a close watch but not panic.\u2022 The chart shows the Arora call that the smart money was selling aggressively into the strength before the market fell. The advantage of monitoring smart money flows is on vivid display here.\u2022 The chart shows the Arora buy signal that was given on Christmas Eve, which turned out to be the low.\u2022 The chart shows a technical breakout.\u2022 The chart shows a potential failure of the breakout on heavy volume and falling RSI (relative strength index). This is a negative pattern. However, the situation needs to be closely monitored as the bear case from a technical perspective will not be fully established unless the market falls through the support zone shown on the chart.\u2022 The chart shows that The Arora Report correctly identified prior lows as \u201cnot likely lows.\u201dAsk Arora: Nigam Arora answers your questions about investing in stocks, ETFs, bonds, gold and silver, oil and currencies. Have a question? Send it to Nigam Arora.Some investors have short memories. The long bull market has emboldened and made passive \u201cbuy and hold\u201d investors overconfident. If you believe that blindly sending money to index funds is a successful strategy, please read \u201cHere\u2019s why lessons learned from the 10-year bull market in stocks could hurt you.\u201dThe market is at an inflection point. Investors ought to consider the following:\u2022 Watch the price action in the chart of the S&P 500 SPX, -0.14%\u2022 Watch momo (momentum) crowd and smart money flows in the stock market. Please read \u201cThe \u2018smart money\u2019 prefers Alibaba over Amazon, Intel over AMD, and Google over Apple.\u201d\u2022 Watch how Apple\u2019s AAPL, +0.81%  stock responds to its video-streaming announcement.\u2022 Watch how Netflix\u2019s NFLX, -0.43% stock responds to Apple\u2019s video-streaming announcement.\u2022 Tesla TSLA, +0.46%  has been popular among investors willing to take high risks. As of this writing, the stock of Tesla appears to be breaking down. Watch if the stock of Tesla recovers.\u2022 Semiconductor stocks have been hot even though the fundamental data do not support the current rally. Pay special attention to smart money flows in the stocks of Micron Technology MU, -1.74% AMD AMD, -2.21% Intel INTC, -0.06% and Lam Research LRCX, -0.96%\u2022 Pay attention to smart money flows in stocks such as Amazon AMZN, -0.36% Facebook FB, +0.15% Microsoft MSFT, -0.52% and Alphabet GOOG, -0.65% GOOGL, -0.62%\u2022 Pay attention to any new statements from the Federal Reserve regarding their purchase of Treasuries. The Fed may attempt to modify the yield curve.\u2022 Pay attention to leading economic indicators across the globe, not just in the United States.\u2022 Keep a handle on the speculative sentiment by watching marijuana stocks such as Canopy Growth CGC, -2.14% Aurora Cannabis ACB, -2.95% Cronos CRON, -8.09% and Tilray TLRY, -1.90%What do you do with the foregoing information? At The Arora Report we use it, along with ZYX Asset Allocation Model, to review cash levels, hedge levels and which stocks or ETFs to buy, hold or sell. Investors ought to do the same. This is also a good time to pay attention to evergreen strategies. Please see \u201cHere\u2019s an evergreen strategy to make money in a volatile stock market.\u201dDisclosure: Subscribers to The Arora Report may have positions in the securities mentioned in this article or may take positions at any time. Nigam Arora is an investor, engineer and nuclear physicist by background who has founded two Inc. 500 fastest-growing companies. He is the founder of The Arora Report, which publishes four newsletters. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com.", "title": "Opinion: Trump\u2019s Mueller victory, the yield curve and slowing growth \u2014 here\u2019s how to navigate the stock market"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/millions-of-facebook-instagram-passwords-exposed-internally-company-says-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 2:54 p.m. ET", "article": "Facebook Inc. FB, +0.84% said in a blog post Thursday that millions of users' passwords were stored in a readable format in its internal data storage systems. The company's login systems \"are designed to mask passwords using techniques that make them unreadable,\" and Facebook has fixed the problem, it said. As a precaution, it will notify the users who had passwords stored that way. The passwords were never visible to anyone outside the company and there's no evidence so far that \"anyone internally abused or improperly accessed them,\" Facebook said. It estimated it will notify hundreds of millions of Facebook Lite users, tens of millions of other Facebook users, and tens of thousands of Instagram users, it said. Shares of Facebook rose 0.5% in late trading Thursday, and have lost about 2% in the past 12 months, which contrasts with gains around 5% for the S&P 500 index. SPX, +0.72%Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Millions of Facebook, Instagram passwords exposed internally, company says"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/market-bears-resurface-sp-500-nasdaq-venture-under-major-support-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 11:56 a.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks are firmly lower early Friday, pressured as the yield curve flattens following a weak batch of global economic data.In the process, the S&P 500 is swiftly back for another crack at major support \u2014 the 2,817 breakout point \u2014 and the weekly close will likely add color. A closing violation of support would raise a technical question mark.Before detailing the U.S. markets\u2019 wider view, the S&P 500\u2019s", "title": "Market bears resurface: S&P 500, Nasdaq venture under major support"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-stock-price-target-raised-to-215-from-185-at-ubs-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 8:44 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/ceridian-launches-secondary-public-offering-2019-03-15-161591455": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 4:14 p.m. ET", "article": "Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. (\u201cCeridian\u201d or the \u201cCompany\u201d) (CDAY), a global human capital management software company, announced today that affiliates of Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P. (the \u201cSelling Stockholders\u201d) intend to offer 11,000,000 shares of the Company\u2019s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the \u201cCommon Stock\u201d), in an underwritten public offering. In addition, the Selling Stockholders intend to grant the underwriters of the offering an option, exercisable within 30 days from the date of the final prospectus relating to the offering, to purchase up to an additional 1,650,000 shares of Common Stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The offering consists entirely of secondary shares to be sold by the Selling Stockholders. The Selling Stockholders will receive all of the proceeds from the offering.Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan, Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank Securities are acting as joint lead book-running managers, and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan are acting as representatives of the underwriters for the offering. Barclays, Citigroup, Jefferies, Piper Jaffray and Wells Fargo Securities are also acting as book-running managers for the proposed offering. Baird, CIBC Capital Markets, William Blair, Canaccord Genuity, Needham & Company and MUFG are acting as co-managers for the proposed offering.The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the preliminary prospectus relating to this offering, when available, may be obtained from:A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the \u201cSEC\u201d), but has not yet become effective. These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy these securities be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective. Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SEC\u2019s website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.About Ceridian HCM Holding Inc.Ceridian. Makes Work Life Better\u2122.Ceridian is a global human capital management software company. Dayforce, our flagship cloud HCM platform, provides human resources, payroll, benefits, workforce management, and talent management functionality. Our platform is used to optimize management of the entire employee lifecycle, including attracting, engaging, paying, deploying, and developing people. Ceridian has solutions for organizations of all sizes.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the \u201csafe harbor\u201d provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact or relating to present facts or current conditions included in this press release are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as \u201canticipate,\u201d \u201cestimate,\u201d \u201cexpect,\u201d \u201cproject,\u201d \u201cseek,\u201d \u201cplan,\u201d \u201cintend,\u201d \u201cbelieve,\u201d \u201cwill,\u201d \u201cmay,\u201d \u201ccould,\u201d \u201ccontinue,\u201d \u201clikely,\u201d \u201cshould,\u201d and other words.The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. As a result, our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include regional, national or global political, economic, business, competitive, market and regulatory conditions and the following: our inability to attain or to maintain profitability; significant competition for our solutions; our inability to continue to develop or to sell our existing Cloud solutions; our inability to manage our growth effectively; the risk that we may not be able to successfully migrate our Bureau customers to our Cloud solutions or to offset the decline in Bureau revenue with Cloud revenue; the market for enterprise cloud computing develops slower than we expect or declines; efforts to increase use of our Cloud solutions and our other applications may not succeed; we fail to provide enhancements and new features and modifications to our solutions; failure to comply with the FTC\u2019s ongoing consent order regarding data protection; system interruptions or failures, including cyber-security breaches, identity theft, or other disruptions that could compromise our information; our failure to comply with applicable privacy, security and data laws, regulations and standards; changes in regulations governing privacy concerns and laws or other domestic or foreign data protection regulations; we are unable to successfully expand our current offerings into new markets or further penetrate existing markets; we are unable to meet the more complex configuration and integration demands of our large customers; our customers declining to renew their agreements with us or renewing at lower performance fee levels; we fail to manage our technical operations infrastructure; we are unable to maintain necessary third party licenses or errors; our inability to protect our intellectual property rights, proprietary technology, information, processes, and know-how; we fail to keep pace with rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards; or changes in laws and regulations related to the Internet or changes in the Internet infrastructure itself. Although we have attempted to identify important risk factors, there may be other risk factors not presently known to us or that we presently believe are not material that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. If any of these risks materialize, or if any of the above assumptions underlying forward-looking statements prove incorrect, actual results and developments may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release.Any forward-looking statement made by us in this press release speaks only as of the date on which we make it. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law. Comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends or indications of future performance, unless specifically expressed as such, and should be viewed as historical data.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190315005539/en/SOURCE: Ceridian HCM Holding Inc.\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@CeridianJeremy Johnson\nVice President, Finance and Investor Relations\nCeridian HCM Holding Inc.\n1-844-829-9499\ninvestors@ceridian.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Ceridian Launches Secondary Public Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/sp-500-could-fall-40-as-yield-curve-inverts-says-analyst-of-one-of-2018s-best-hedge-fund-returns-2019-03-22-1710308": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 5:00 p.m. ET", "article": "A macro hedge fund says investors should monitor the growing number of yield curve inversions in the U.S. Treasurys market See full story.President Donald Trump on Friday named Stephen Moore, an former editorial writer with The Wall Street Journal, for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board. See full story.The president endorsed the public release of Special Counsel Robert Mueller\u2019s coming report on possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russian election meddling. Here\u2019s what it would take for investors to take notice. See full story.There\u2019s something brewing in the financial sector that could be very worrisome to stock market investors, especially those who still get a chill when recalling events that led to the financial crisis. See full story.Mark Zuckerberg, the co-founder and chief executive of Facebook Inc., seems increasingly alone at the top of his company with the departure of two key executives last week, after his privacy pivot. See full story.Friday\u2019s top personal finance stories See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free After the Bell newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "S&P 500 could fall 40% as yield curve inverts, says analyst of one of 2018\u2019s best hedge-fund returns"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/flywire-ciso-to-participate-in-masschallenge-fintech-panel-on-enterprise-compliance-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 2:54 p.m. ET", "article": "BOSTON, March 20, Mar 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- BOSTON, March 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Barbara Cousins, chief information security officer (CISO) for Flywire, will be part of an expert panel on enterprise compliance at the MassChallenge FinTech Refuel Event taking place March 21-22 in Boston. Cousins will be joined on the panel by executives from Amazon Web Services (AWS), Quantopian and Goodwin to discuss some of the biggest compliance challenges for FinTech startups.Launched in 2018, MassChallenge FinTech is designed to accelerate innovation in the financial services industry by making it easier for startups and established businesses, institutions, and organizations to work together. The FinTech Refuel Event is part of series of education and networking events that take place throughout the year.Enterprise Compliance Panel\nMarch 21, 3:30 - 5:00 pm\nMassChallenge HQ, 19 Drydock Ave., BostonIn this panel discussion, attendees will hear from key startups, service providers and legal experts on the compliance challenges in FinTech. Topics include:Panelists:About Flywire\nFlywire solves complex payment problems for businesses and institutions to empower new opportunities globally and locally. The company processes billions in payments per year, connecting all the entities involved to make those transactions faster, more secure, less expensive, and more transparent. Clients in business, education and healthcare use Flywire's full-service platform to tailor the payment experience for their customers and to create a single point of visibility and control for payer engagement and receivables management - from invoicing and payment through reconciliation. Flywire also supports its clients with end-to-end customer support including multilingual servicing via phone, email, and chat, as well as around-the-clock online payment tracking. The company is headquartered in Boston and has offices in Chicago, London and Manchester (UK), Valencia (Spain), Shanghai, Singapore, Tokyo, Cluj (Romania), and Sydney. For more information, visit www.Flywire.com.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Flywire CISO to Participate in MassChallenge FinTech Panel on Enterprise Compliance"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bad-test-results-or-failure-to-get-into-that-elite-college-can-bring-out-our-inner-trojan-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 17, 2019 11:30 a.m. ET", "article": "There\u2019s an upside to failure.Bad test results can teach us valuable lessons. The parents implicated in the largest alleged college-admissions conspiracy federal prosecutors had ever encountered were shielding their children from developing vital qualities like grit and resilience, experts say.Prosecutors on Tuesday charged 50 parents, college coaches and college-exam administrators in connection with a nationwide scam alleged to have involved cheating on college-entrance exams and falsely passing off students as athletic recruits. \u201cFull House\u201d alumna Lori Loughlin, her fashion-designer husband Mossimo Giannulli and \u201cDesperate Housewives\u201d actress Felicity Huffman were among those accused of being involved.The wealthy parents entangled were obviously trying to give their kids a leg up in life, according to Eileen Kennedy-Moore, author of \u201cKid Confidence: Help Your Child Make Friends, Build Resilience, and Develop Real Self-Esteem\u201d and a psychologist in private practice. \u201cThey are also painting a very narrow view of what success looks like and modeling a morally bankrupt attitude that it\u2019s OK to lie and cheat to get what you want.\u201d\u201cBut, especially now that the scam is public, the message that they\u2019re sending their kids is, \u2018I don\u2019t have faith that you are capable of succeeding based on your own skills and hard work, and I don\u2019t believe you\u2019re strong enough to cope with disappointment,\u2019\u201d she said.The alleged scheme, which has spurred much discussion about privilege and inequality in higher education, also presents an opportunity to \u201cenlighten parents and kids that success is not determined by the college that you attend,\u201d said Linda Kaplan Thaler, co-author of \u201cGrit to Great: How Perseverance, Passion and Pluck Take You from Ordinary to Extraordinary.\u201dShe told MarketWatch: \u201cSuccess is determined by your perseverance, your resilience and your grit.\u201dStudents with more grit are more likely to show higher levels of self-control, resilience, growth mind-set, mental well-being and life satisfaction, according to a 2018 Frontiers in Psychology review of three studies of grit in university students.Thaler and her co-author, Robin Koval, define grit by the acronym \u201cguts, resilience, initiative and tenacity,\u201d contending that this overall trait is many people\u2019s secret to success. They cite the late Apple AAPL, +1.05%   founder Steve Jobs\u2019 low high-school GPA and Steven Spielberg\u2019s initial film-school rejections as examples of how hard work can be more important to success than innate ability or talent.\u201cThe message being sent to these children is, \u2018You don\u2019t have to do a thing,\u2019\u201d Thaler said.Kennedy-Moore says that kids don\u2019t learn from failure, but they do learn from picking themselves up after failure \u201cby tolerating the disappointment, moving on, trying again, or perhaps focusing on different goals,\u201d she said.Robert Brooks, a clinical psychologist and the author of \u201cRaising Resilient Children,\u201d agrees. \u201cThey\u2019re not permitting their kids to learn how to deal with setbacks and obstacles, or how to cope with stress,\u201d he told MarketWatch. \u201cAll kids are going to face obstacles and disappointments, and if they learn to cope with it, that only makes them stronger.\u201dA 2015 Harris Poll survey of more than 1,500 first-year U.S. college students found that those who said they felt less emotionally prepared for college were more likely to report their college experience as \u201cterrible/poor\u201d and have a lower average GPA. (Emotional preparedness was defined as \u201cthe ability to take care of oneself, adapt to new environments, control negative emotions or behavior and build positive relationships.\u201d)Meanwhile, Caroline Adams Miller, a positive psychology coach and author of the book \u201cGetting Grit: The Evidence-Based Approach to Cultivating Passion, Perseverance, and Purpose,\u201d argues there are positive and negative types of grit. The parents implicated in the scandal, she says, are \u201ca textbook case\u201d of what she calls \u201cfaux grit.\u201d That is, they\u2019re pretending to have accomplished something difficult, but faking achievements or taking shortcuts in the process. Examples include cyclist Lance Armstrong\u2019s doping disgrace and Volkswagen\u2019s VW, +0.00%   emissions scandal, she said.The long-term consequences of handing your kids everything and helping to rig the system in their favor include self-entitlement, heightened \u201ctension with the universe\u201d and less wisdom, said David Palmiter, a professor of psychology at Marywood University in Scranton, Pa. That formula can put kids at greater risk of conditions like substance abuse, eating disorders and depression, he said.\u201cThe values that we pass on of hard work, perseverance and integrity are the most important legacy we can pass onto our children \u2014 far bigger than a bank account or a bogus SAT score to get you into an Ivy League school,\u201d Thaler added.Here\u2019s how to foster greater grit, resilience and well-being in your kids, according to experts:Have them make their bed in the morning. \u201cMaking your bed in the morning teaches you to do a task in the beginning of your day successfully and to completion, so that you start each day knowing, \u2018I\u2019ve done something,\u2019\u201d Thaler said. \u201cThough it seems like a laughable thing to do, it has helped an enormous amount of kids and adults to start that day by doing a small task well done.\u201dLet them be bored. \u201cWhen you are bored and you don\u2019t have the opportunity to go to your phone and look at stupid cats on YouTube GOOG, -0.69% what happens? The mind ideates; the mind makes connections,\u201d Thaler said. \u201cWhen we allow ourselves to be bored, we force our brains to start thinking in non-linear patterns.\u201dEncourage them to choose \u201chard goals,\u201d not mediocre ones. \u201cWhen you\u2019re constantly picking easy goals or no goals or just being reactive to life, you don\u2019t end up having a score card that says, \u2018I can do hard things,\u2019\u201d Miller said.Keep them humble. Gritty people have both social humility and intellectual humility, Miller said. \u201cSocial humility has honesty, thoughtfulness, maturity and unselfishness at its core,\u201d she writes in her book, \u201cwhile intellectual humility is made up of curiosity, a willingness to learn from others, and an openness to new ideas.\u201dGet some perspective. \u201cGetting into a fancy college is exciting and potentially a great opportunity, but it certainly isn\u2019t a necessary or sufficient path to happiness and well-being. External accolades can\u2019t build real self-esteem. People who buy into that myth are on a constant treadmill of having to prove their worth,\u201d Kennedy-Moore said.Never stop learning. \u201cWe need to help our kids move beyond that by helping them focus on learning and developing genuine competence, building those intimate relationships where they feel known and valued, and making choices that express their values and connect them with something bigger than themselves,\u201d she added.Consider what actually makes your kids happy, Palmiter said. \u201cWhat truly produces joy and meaning?\u201d he said. It might be spending time with family or friends, living a simple life within your means or traveling the world on a budget and working odd jobs. \u201cThat\u2019s a much better research task than the rankings of U.S. News and World Report.\u201dGet a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Parents in the college admissions scandal cheated their kids out of learning from failure"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bnsf-plans-165-million-capital-program-in-kansas-for-2019-2019-02-27": {"date": "Feb 27, 2019 12:03 p.m. ET", "article": "BNSF Railway Company (BNSF) today announced that its 2019 capital expenditure program in Kansas will be approximately $165 million. The largest component of this year\u2019s capital plan in the state will be for replacing and upgrading rail, rail ties and ballast, which are the main components for the tracks on which BNSF trains operate, ensuring BNSF continues to operate a safe and reliable rail network.Since 2014, BNSF has invested approximately $830 million to expand and maintain its network in Kansas. This year, the maintenance program in Kansas includes about 560 miles of track surfacing and/or undercutting work as well as the replacement of nearly 30 miles of rail and about 120,000 ties. To support increased intermodal traffic, BNSF plans to begin a multi-year project to install double track on portions of the Emporia Subdivision, which runs between Wellington and Kansas City.\u201cBecause of BNSF\u2019s projects in the state, Kansans can find comfort in knowing that the 4 million carloads of freight we move each year in their state will arrive safely at their destination,\u201d said Ben Sharpe, general manager of operations, Kansas Division.The 2019 planned capital investments in the state are part of BNSF\u2019s $3.57 billion network-wide capital expenditure program announced earlier this month. These investments include roughly $2.47 billion to replace and maintain core network and related assets, approximately $760 million on expansion and efficiency projects and about $340 million for freight cars and other equipment acquisitions.About BNSFBNSF Railway is one of North America\u2019s leading freight transportation companies. BNSFoperatesapproximately 32,500 route miles of track in 28 states and also operates in three Canadian provinces. BNSF is one of the top transporters of consumer goods, grain and agricultural products, low-sulfur coal, and industrial goods such as petroleum, chemicals, housing materials, food and beverages. BNSF\u2019s shipments help feed, clothe, supply, and power American homes and businesses every day. BNSF and its employees have developed one of the most technologically advanced, and efficient railroads in the industry. We work continuously to improve the value of the safety, service, energy, and environmental benefits we provide to our customers and the communities we serve. You can learn more about BNSF at www.BNSF.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190227005678/en/SOURCE: BNSF Railway CompanyAndy Williams\n817-867-6369\nAndy.Williams@bnsf.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "BNSF Plans $165 Million Capital Program in Kansas for 2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-best-piece-of-money-advice-youve-never-heard-2017-01-05": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 11:05 a.m. ET", "article": "If you want to spend less this year, do this: Build a wall.That is, a virtual wall.Experts say we often spend because it\u2019s simple to spend \u2014 new clothes are just a click away, a latte is right on our way to work, a subscription can be had simply by entering an email address and promising to pay later. \u201cWe are so used to having things easily accessible to us,\u201d says Rosemary Caligiuri, the managing director of United Capital, a wealth management company.\u201cWe need to give ourselves less easy access to spending money.\u201dIn other words, we need to build a wall between ourselves and the easy spending that\u2019s costing us thousands of dollars each year. Indeed, roughly one-fifth of consumers\u2019 consumption \u2014 a total of more than $2.3 trillion \u2014 is spent on stuff we don\u2019t need, from jewelry to dining out, the government estimates.Also see: 6 online shopping hacks that put money back in your walletHere\u2019s how to build a wall that can save you thousands in 2017:Introduce slowness into your online lifeTo save money, wait 72 hours before you buy anything you think you want, recommends Liz Frugalwoods \u2014 this is how she refers to herself \u2014 the founder of money-saving site Frugalwoods.com. When you\u2019re shopping online, put the items in your cart but don\u2019t click \u201cbuy\u201d for three days. \u201cWhen you pit a sweater against living the life of your dreams, it\u2019s easy not to buy the sweater, she says. She and her husband use this rule for nearly everything.Never save your credit card information on a websiteGo through all the online shopping sites you use and delete the stored credit card information. If you have to enter the information into a site manually, you\u2019re less likely to buy things, says Frugalwoods, as it gives you time to question whether you need the item. And you just might not feel like rummaging through your wallet in the other room to find your card number, and go to bed and forget you ever wanted to make the purchase.Check out as a guest and turn off push notifications\u201cDon\u2019t create an account when shopping online,\u201d says consumer savings expert Andrea Woroch. \u201cThe more work you have to do to check out \u2014 like enter your billing info, shipping details etc. \u2014 the more time you have to reconsider an unnecessary purchase.\u201d Woroch also recommends that you turn off push notifications on your phone from retailers, as these \u201ctempt you to make impulse buys by alerting you to new sales events and new merchandise.\u201dPress delete on all those smartphone appsAll those apps on your phone are just crying out to be used. \u201cApps like Seamless, Uber, Amazon AMZN, -0.30%  and even Starbucks SBUX, +0.03%   make it too easy to spend money from your phone,\u201d says Coupon Sherpa savings expert Kendal Perez. \u201cBy not giving yourself access to these convenient services and apps, you\u2019re forced to consider less-costly alternatives, like taking the subway or preparing a meal or coffee at home,\u201d Perez says.Read also: What happened when I tried to break up with SeamlessUnsubscribe from retailers\u2019 email lists\u201cThese emails promoting various sales, new items and clearances will distract you to begin browsing when you didn\u2019t intend to shop in the first place and often lead to impulse buys and buyer\u2019s remorse,\u201d says Woroch. Unsubscribe. Then create a separate email account where you receive such emails, but only check it when you actually need something. And hide ads as \u201cnot relevant\u201d that constantly want to sell you those boots on Google GOOG, -0.38%  and Facebook FB, +0.26%Consider canceling shopping memberships\u201cAmazon Prime and ShopRunner are shipping memberships that compel most members to spend money more frequently, since they want to get the most value out of their membership,\u201d says Perez. In fact, one study from RBC Capital Markets showed that Amazon Prime members spent nearly twice as much on the site as those who weren\u2019t members. Consider canceling if you feel these are spurring you to overspend.Cancel those lovely, but costly subscription boxesThose product-based memberships where you get a box of goodies each month are \u201cnot only a budget drain, but they also normalize continual, automatic spending on stuff you don\u2019t need,\u201d says Perez. There has been an increase in subscription-based spending, on everything from grocery services on Amazon to subscription boxes. Financial experts say Americans should be automating their savings rather than their purchases.Don\u2019t miss: This increasingly commonplace habit could be dangerous for your financesReroute yourself and clear your internet cacheThink about the regular paths you take each day, be they to work, school, friend\u2019s houses or other places. If there are \u201ctrigger shops\u201d along the way, reroute yourself, says Trae Bodge, a shopping and brand strategist. Where possible, switch to the greenbacks instead. A study by analytics company Dun & Bradstreet found that people spend roughly 12% to 18% more when they use credit cards versus cash.(This story was republished on March 25, 2019.)", "title": "Do you overspend? Here\u2019s the best piece of money advice you\u2019ve never heard"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/voicescom-and-jargon-partner-to-localize-alexa-skills-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 10:25 a.m. ET", "article": "Voices.com, the online marketplace where brand managers and marketers discover, audition and hire professional voice actors has partnered with Jargon.com, the leading conversation platform for voice assistant applications. Bringing Jargon\u2019s ability to localize voice applications together with Voices.com\u2019s offering of the deepest and most diverse marketplace for voice actors, this partnership will enable the two companies to assist brands in solving their voice application localization issues.Organizations who have seen initial success with their voice applications for Amazon Alexa or Google Assistant quickly evaluate their options to further improve and expand their reach. Brand managers who require diverse voices may be unfamiliar with hiring voice actors, and subsequently may not know where to turn. Similarly, translating and localizing voice applications can be challenging because of the conversational nature of the content.Two options for brands to enrich the end-user experience of their voice assistant application are to add personality with a human voice actor - as opposed to the default synthetic voice - or to localize the content in order to appeal to global users.Just one example of a significant opportunity for marketers, is that in the US it is estimated that 13% of the population, or over 41 million citizens, are native Spanish speakers. Following current estimates that half of the U.S population has a smart speaker in their home, there is a potential estimated 21 million Spanish-speaking Americans who may own smart speakers. Brands now have a promising option to extend their existing application into other languages and, consequently, expand into new geographies.\u201cWe\u2019ve witnessed the demand for Alexa Skills recorded by voice actors rise dramatically in the last year. Progressive brands are exploring voice as a channel that will complement search, social, mobile and video. Now that smartphones come with a digital assistant baked in, and with more than 100M Amazon Alexa devices in people\u2019s homes, it\u2019s fair to say that the era of voice has arrived,\u201d says Voices.com Co-Founder and CEO David Ciccarelli.\u201cJargon enables voice applications to manage their content and reach global users on platforms like Alexa and Google Assistant\u201d says Milkana Brace, Founder and CEO of Jargon. \u201cThrough our partnership with Voices.com, we are excited to offer a holistic solution to brands that are looking to expand their voice applications internationally, supporting both pre-recorded audio and text-to-speech content.\u201dAbout Voices.comFounded in 2005, Voices.com is the largest global online marketplace for audio and voice products and services, and is comprised of more than half a million business clients and voice actors. Its flagship website, https://www.voices.com, records approximately two million unique visitors annually and has enabled over 300,000 transactions to date. Headquartered in London, Canada, the Company employs more than 120 people and has clients and voice talent in 160 countries.About JargonJargon enables voice applications on platforms like Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant to structure, manage, and optimize their content. Jargon is based in Seattle, WA and is a graduate of the Alexa Accelerator \u201918.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005491/en/SOURCE: Voices.comMedia Contact:\nAlina Morkin\nalina.morkin@voices.com\n519.858.3486Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Voices.com and Jargon Partner to Localize Alexa Skills"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/how-e-books-are-ruining-childrens-storytime-and-amazon-is-prime-territory-for-drunk-shopping-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 6:32 p.m. ET", "article": "Happy Monday, MarketWatchers! Here are today\u2019s top personal finance stories.Research finds parents engage less with the toddlers when reading e-books versus print books.When and how to give your kid a credit card.\u201cI was sitting in a grey cubicle 10 hours a day and still had little to show for it except a title and a stressful life,\u201d one Gen Xer tells MarketWatch.Women are slightly more likely to shop while drunk, but men spend more money on their drunk purchases, a survey found.Apple is teaming with Goldman Sachs on the card, which is designed to be used with Apple Pay.Learn how to calculate required minimum withdrawals from an IRA you inherited from your spouse.If you inherit an IRA from someone other than your spouse, the rules are a bit more complicated.A study looked at what happens when more women are involved in forest conservation.Gyms are touting the pain-relieving benefits of CBD, and athletes are buying it.Companies benefit when their \u2018Modern Elders\u2019 and younger workers learn from each other, writes Chip Conley.A Republican senator on Monday took to the Senate floor to discuss what\u2019s bothering him.President Donald Trump on Monday signed a proclamation recognizing Israel\u2019s hold over the disputed Golan Heights as he praised the special counsel after being cleared of collusion.Fresh worries about the global economy and a surprisingly dovish turn by the Federal Reserve have rattled Wall Street, but it\u2019s nothing that a week or two of good news can't cure. The good news might not come this week, however.Oil futures settle on a mixed note Monday, with U.S. prices marking their lowest settlement in just over a week on the back of persistent worries about an economic slowdown hurting energy demand, but global prices finding support from ongoing cuts among major crude producers as well as tensions in Venezuela.Apple Inc. will shift its business further toward the services side Monday, according to a new report a day before the unveiling of its highly anticipated streaming-video service.Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "How e-books are ruining children\u2019s storytime and Amazon is prime territory for drunk shopping"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-aims-for-5-day-winning-streak-as-investors-brace-for-fed-meeting-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 4:27 p.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks closed mostly lower Tuesday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average snapping a four-day winning streak, as investors tried to make sense of a pair of conflicting reports on U.S.-China trade talks.The Federal Reserve also convened a two-day policy meeting which will conclude Wednesday.The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.06% shed 26.72 points, or 0.1%, to 25,887.38, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.14% slipped 0.37 point to 2,832.57. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.19% rose 9.47 points, or 0.1%, to 7,723.95.A Bloomberg News report that China is pushing back against U.S. demands for concessions in bilateral trade talks dampened market sentiment with major indexes coming off intraday highs. Chinese officials are reportedly indicating that the U.S. has not made sufficient assurances that President Donald Trump\u2019s administration will lift tariffs on Chinese goods in exchange for Beijing agreeing to changes in their intellectual property regulations.However, the The Wall Street Journal also reported that the two countries are in the final stages of negotiations with U.S. Representative Robert Lighthizer and Secretary of Treasury Steven Mnuchin scheduled to fly to Beijing next week.Investors are also on standby for the Fed\u2019s policy decision on Wednesday. No changes in rates are expected, but market participants will focus on remarks by Chairman Jerome Powell at his news conference and policy makers\u2019 forecasts of future rate moves.Read: What \u2018Fed drift\u2019 says about how the stock market behaves around policy meetingsOf particular interest is whether the Fed will announce plans to bring its balance-sheet runoff effort to an early end.See: Fed seen revealing \u2018how and when\u2019 it will stop shedding balance sheet assetsAlso read: Here are 3 things to watch when the Fed unveils its latest dot plotNew orders for American-made goods rose 0.1% in January, the Commerce Department reported. The growth was below the 0.4% increase in factory orders expected by economists polled by MarketWatch, and matches the 0.1% increase in December.Cliff Hodge, director of investments for Cornerstone Wealth, urged investors to \u201cignore the headline\u201d following the loss of market\u2019s momentum in the wake of the trade-related headlines.\u201cWith conflicting signals coming from both sides on trade, it is understandable that investors are on edge. Equity markets have rallied from the December lows on positive developments on trade, and a Fed on hold. In our mind, both of these narratives are priced in,\u201d he said. \u201cIf something were to change on either front, it would open up the markets to increased volatility in the days and weeks ahead.\u201d\u201cIt\u2019s been a fairly stable trading environment, as the market has largely built in expectations that we\u2019ll get some kind of deal with China and it isn\u2019t anticipating any changes to interest-rate policy from the Fed,\u201d Patrick Healey, president of Caliber Financial Partners, told MarketWatch.Shares of Michaels Cos. MIK, +0.52% jumped 8.5%, after the arts-and-crafts retailer reported fiscal fourth-quarter earnings and revenue that surpassed Wall Street expectations, though the company disappointed in its 2019 outlook.DSW Inc. DSW, +1.41% shares sank 13% after the discount footwear retailer reported fiscal 2018 earnings that fell short of analysts\u2019 forecasts.Shares of Nvidia Corp. NVDA, -1.08% rose 4% after the company announced that Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.44% would now be using its T4 data-center chips.Revlon Inc. REV, -0.28% shares slid 6.9% after the cosmetics maker reported unaudited fourth-quarter and 2018 earnings, saying it spotted a \u201cmaterial weakness\u201d in its internal controls over financial reporting for 2018. The company said it would file its 2018 Form 10-K no later than March 29, while saying that financial results aren\u2019t expected to change.Shares of Chesapeake Energy Corp. CHK, +0.31% rose 0.3% after Raymond James analyst James Freeman raised his target price on the stock from $4 to $4.50.Asian stocks were muted, with Japan\u2019s Nikkei 225 NIK, -0.23% edging 0.1% lower, China\u2019s Shanghai Composite Index SHCOMP, +0.85% falling 0.2%, and Hong Kong\u2019s Hang Seng Index HSI, +0.56% adding 0.2%.In Europe, stocks rose with the Stoxx Europe 600 SXXP, +0.53% adding 0.6%.Crude oil US:CLJ9 turned lower while the price of gold GCJ9, -0.43% settled higher and the U.S. dollar DXY, +0.10% lost ground versus major rivals.\u2014William Watts contributed to this articleProviding critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Stocks close mostly lower as trade news dominates market action"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/lets-stop-bashing-billionaires-they-are-making-our-lives-better-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 24, 2019 10:08 a.m. ET", "article": "Are rich people idle \u201crentiers,\u201d as economist Thomas Piketty calls them, who inherit wealth and add no social value? In supporting Sen. Bernie Sanders\u2019 plan for higher estate taxes, former Labor Secretary Robert Reich claimed that \u201cAmerica is creating a new aristocracy of the non-working super rich.\u201d And in plugging Sen. Elizabeth Warren\u2019s wealth tax, Paul Krugman said \u201cwe seem to be heading toward a society dominated by vast, often inherited fortunes.\u201dIn fact, today\u2019s economy is dominated by entrepreneurial innovation, which is generating rapid turnover in the ranks of the wealthy. And even among the declining share of the rich who inherited their wealth, many are impressive company builders or philanthropists in their own right.In the U.S. economy, wealth is dynamic, which is clear from the Forbes annual list of the 400 richest Americans. Fully 43% of the people on the list in 2018 were not on it 10 years ago. The newcomers are entrepreneurs driving economic growth. There is Jensen Huang, co-founder of graphics chip maker Nvidia NVDA, -0.64% and Shahid Khan, who built automotive parts maker Flex-N-Gate. There are Brian Acton and Jay Koum, co-founders of WhatsApp, which provides free phone service globally for more than 1 billion users.Reinhold Schmieding is on the 400 list. He founded Arthrex, a surgical tools company that has developed thousands of products. There is Robert Pera, founder of wireless equipment maker Ubiquiti Networks, and Judy Faulkner, who founded medical records software firm Epic Systems. Thai Lee is one of the many immigrant entrepreneurs on the Forbes list. She built business IT provider SHI International.These billionaires are the farthest thing from rentiers. They are inventing new products and driving down prices of services that we all use. They are making our lives better.In a 2013 study, Steven Kaplan and Joshua Rauh explored the backgrounds of Forbes 400 members over the years to see whether wealth was self-made or inherited. They found that the share who were self-made rose from 40% in 1982 to 69% by 2011. The study found that fully 20% of people on the Forbes list grew up poor, as billionaire Oprah Winfrey did. In 2018, Forbes produced a similar tally on the rise of self-made billionaires. The magazine found that \u201cthe number of Forbes 400 members who have forged their own path, using entrepreneurial capitalism as a means to attain a vast fortune, has increased dramatically.\u201dWealth is more dynamic in America than in Europe. A Peterson Institute study found that 29% of America\u2019s billionaires inherited their fortunes compared to more than half of Europe\u2019s. The study looked at the Forbes global billionaire lists since 1996 and found that \u201camong advanced countries, the share of self-made billionaires has been expanding most rapidly in the United States.\u201dBeyond the top-end Forbes 400, data on other well-off Americans show similar patterns. A report by BMO Private Bank found that 67% of Americans with $1 million or more in investible assets were self-made, while a survey by U.S. Trust found that 70% of high net-worth respondents reported growing up in middle- or lower-income households.It is also true that many inheritors of wealth do not fit Sen. Sanders\u2019 description of \u201cthe non-working super rich.\u201d The Forbes list includes many billionaires who\u2019ve worked hard to grow the businesses they inherited. For example, Helen Johnson-Leipold is an heir to the S.C. Johnson fortune, but she spent 35 years in business rising to become head of Johnson Outdoors.Leftists seem to have a cartoonish idea of wealth, like it is a static pile of gold in Scrooge McDuck\u2019s vault. But wealth is simply savings, which is channeled into investments throughout the economy. Many billionaires pump their wealth into angel investment and venture capital, which together feed more than $100 billion a year to promising growth companies. Jeff Bezos, for example, uses his Amazon wealth to invest in biotechnology, aerospace, health care, renewable energy, media, and many other activities. And Peter Thiel, after co-founding PayPal has used his growing wealth to provide early capital to an endless series of technology firms including Facebook FB, +0.69% Airbnb, SpaceX, Spotify SPOT, -0.74% Palantir and Lyft LYFT, +0.00%In America\u2019s technology industries, wealth is fused with entrepreneurial experience in angels and VCs to mentor and grow new generations of start-ups. In a virtuous cycle, waves of innovations generate wealth that is plowed back into creating new and better products and services.Read Peter Morici: The folly of Elizabeth Warren\u2019s wealth taxUnlike Scrooge McDuck, the wealthy donate large amounts to charitable endeavors. The top 1% of earners makes one-third of the nation\u2019s charitable donations, while the top 1.4% of wealth owners provides 86% of all charitable donations made at death. Many of the wealthy are actively engaged in social and educational pursuits aimed at lifting up the less fortunate.Sanders, Warren, and Piketty in his book \u201cCapital in the Twenty-First Century\u201d propose hiking taxes on the wealthy. But that would steal opportunities the wealthy are creating for other people through their investments and philanthropy.Forbes says its list shows, \u201cThe American Dream \u2026 is alive and well.\u201d That will remain true if we keep \u201ccapital in the twenty-first century\u201d in private hands funding our dreams and not the dreams of misguided U.S. senators.Chris Edwards is director of tax policy studies at the Cato Institute and editor of www.DownsizingGovernment.org.Now read Rex Nutting: Billionaires haven\u2019t earned all they have", "title": "Opinion: Let\u2019s stop bashing billionaires \u2014 they are making our lives better"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/retransmission---global-gamings-x2-games-announces-the-launch-of-pre-orders-for-its-cutting-edge-amazon-alexa-powered-board-game-st-noire-2019-03-19-918413": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 9:01 a.m. ET", "article": "VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Mar 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- VANCOUVER, British Columbia, March 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- GLOBAL GAMING TECHNOLOGIES CORP. (BWSP) BLKCF (\"Global Gaming\", or the \"Company\") is pleased to announce that customers can now pre-order X2 Games Corp. (\"X2 Games\") game title St. Noire, the first Amazon Alexa powered board game, starting today. Each St. Noire game is selling for $39.99 USD and customers can place pre-orders through the following link: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07P693BG1.St. Noire is the first ever cinematic board game powered by Amazon Alexa. The murder mystery game takes place in the town of St. Noire, where players must question suspects using voice commands and piece together clues to solve the case before time runs out. Captivating sound design, writing and voice-acting by top Hollywood talent are all present. Game time spans between 20 to 30 minutes. The game can be played with any number of players and is infinitely replayable.Co-Founder, President and Chief Creative Officer of X2 Games, Zai Ortiz, commented on the launch of the X2 Games' first game title, \"St. Noire represents the first of its class. This is a one-of-a-kind and revolutionary breakthrough in not just technology, but also in how humans interact with it in a positive and exciting format in everyday life. This is the beginning of the future of gaming.\"Zai Ortiz is presently attending numerous gaming conferences this month to exhibit St. Noire, including the Game Developers Conference (GDC) in San Francisco, California where X2 Games will be a part of Amazon's booth to showcase St. Noire and the South by Southwest Conference (SXSW) in Austin, Texas.On behalf of the Company:\nNolan Bushnell, Chairman and CEO of the Company\ninfo@globalblockchain.ioFor more information, please contact:Global Gaming Technologies Corp.\nInvestor Relations\nir@globalblockchain.io\n800-689-8089About Global Gaming Technologies Corp.Global Gaming Technologies Corp. is a gaming industry holding company that provides investment exposure to digital interactive entertainment in emerging technologies, such as Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality, and Artificial Intelligence, in addition to eSports and traditional game platforms, such as mobile and console. It is focused on gamifying content using visual cinematics across all platforms. The Company's strategy is to publish games and content that are immersive in storytelling, bold in design, and technologically innovative.The Company is managed by game and film industry pioneers. It is headquartered in Toronto, Canada with its primary game studio in Los Angeles, California.GGAM is listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange (\"CSE\") and its common shares trade under the ticker symbol \"GGAM.\" Additional information relating to GGAM is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, the CSE at www.theCSE.com, as well as on the Company's website at globalgaming.tech.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking InformationThis news release contains \"forward-looking information\" within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Generally, any statements that are not historical facts may contain forward-looking information, and forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as \"plans\", \"expects\" or \"does not expect\", \"is expected\", \"budget\", \"scheduled\", \"estimates\", \"forecasts\", \"intends\", \"anticipates\" or \"does not anticipate\", or \"believes\", or variations of such words and phrases or indicates that certain actions, events or results \"may\", \"could\", \"would\", \"might\" or \"will be\" taken, \"occur\" or \"be achieved\". Forward-looking information includes, but is not limited to the Company's goal of streamlining the current arduous, lengthy and complicated process that interested investors need to undergo in order to gain exposure to the digital interactive entertainment space. The Company's business plan is conceptual in nature and there is no assurance that it will be implemented as set out herein, or at all. Forward-looking information is based on certain factors and assumptions the Company believes to be reasonable at the time such statements are made, including but not limited to: statements and expectations regarding the ability of the Company to (i) successfully engage senior management with appropriate industry experience and expertise, (ii) gain access to and acquire a basket of digital interactive entertainment assets and to participate in relevant financings on favourable terms or at all, (iii) successfully publish its own games and content, and (iv) execute on future M&A opportunities in the digital interactive entertainment space; receipt of required regulatory approvals; the availability of necessary financing; permitting and such other assumptions and factors as set out herein. Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information, including but not limited to: risks related to fluctuating popularity of eSports titles; the estimation of personnel and operating costs; general global markets and economic conditions; risks associated with uninsurable risks; risks associated with currency fluctuations; competition faced in securing experiencedpersonnel with appropriate industry experience and expertise; risks associated with changes in the financial auditing and corporate governance standards applicable to gaming companies; risks related to potential conflicts of interest; the reliance on key personnel; financing, capitalization and liquidity risks including the risk that the financing necessary to fund continued development of the Company's business plan may not be available on satisfactory terms, or at all; the risk of potential dilution through the issuance of additional common shares of the Company; the risk of litigation. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information set out in this presentation, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such forward-looking information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such information. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are made based on management's beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date that statements are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change, except as required by laws. Investors are cautioned against attributing undue certainty to forward-looking statements.Neither the CSE nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the CSE) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "RETRANSMISSION - Global Gaming's X2 Games Announces the Launch of Pre-Orders for its Cutting-Edge Amazon Alexa Powered Board Game St. Noire"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/alj-rules-in-favor-of-qualcomm-in-patent-infringement-case-against-apple-at-the-us-international-trade-commission-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 9:34 p.m. ET", "article": "SAN DIEGO, March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Qualcomm Incorporated QCOM, -2.45% today announced that ITC Administrative Law Judge MaryJoan McNamara issued a Notice of Issuance of Initial Determination (ID) on Violation of Section 337 in ITC Investigation No. 337-TA-1093 finding that Qualcomm's U.S. Patent No. 8,063,674 ('674) is valid and infringed by Apple. Judge McNamara indicated she will recommend that the Commission issue a Limited Exclusion Order barring the importation of infringing products  into the United States, and a Cease and Desist Order barring Apple from making further sales in the United States of infringing Apple products that have already been imported and to halt the marketing, advertising, demonstration, warehousing of inventory for distribution and use of those imported products in the United States. Her complete recommendation on remedy is forthcoming.\"We are pleased that today ITC Judge McNamara found that Apple-designed processors infringe our '674 patent and will be recommending an import ban and cease and desist order to the Commission,\" said Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel for Qualcomm. \"The innovations we contribute to the iPhone extend well beyond a single component and Judge McNamara's decision, along with recent infringement rulings in other U.S. and foreign courts, affirm the value of our technologies.\"The '674 patent, found to be infringed by Apple, improves power management in processor circuitry to reduce power consumption and improve battery life in mobile devices. Qualcomm accused circuitry in the Apple-designed A10, A11 and A12 application processors used widely in Apple devices, including in iPhones from the iPhone 7 through the most recently released models.Judge McNamara's ID and recommendation on remedy will be considered by the full Commission and a Final Determination is expected by July 26, 2019.Also today, the U.S. ITC issued a Notice of Final Determination in ITC Investigation No. 337-TA-1065. The Commission's decision is inconsistent with the recent unanimous jury verdict finding infringement of the same patent after Apple abandoned its invalidity defense at the end of trial. We will seek reconsideration by the Commission in view of the jury verdict.In the past six months, courts in China and Germany have ruled that Apple is infringing additional Qualcomm non-standard essential patents and issued injunctions on infringing devices.About QualcommQualcomm invents breakthrough technologies that transform how the world connects, computes and communicates. When we connected the phone to the Internet, the mobile revolution was born. Today, our inventions are the foundation for life-changing products, experiences, and industries. As we lead the world to 5G, we envision this next big change in cellular technology spurring a new era of intelligent, connected devices and enabling new opportunities in connected cars, remote delivery of health care services, and the IoT \u2014 including smart cities, smart homes, and wearables. Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, all of our engineering, research and development functions, and all of our products and services businesses, including, the QCT semiconductor business. For more information, visit Qualcomm's website, OnQ blog, Twitter and Facebook pages.Qualcomm Contacts:\nPete Lancia, Corporate Communications\nPhone: 1-858-845-5959\nEmail: corpcomm@qualcomm.comChristie Thoene, Public Affairs\nPhone:  1-858-845-5959\nEmail: publicaffairs@qualcomm.comMauricio Lopez-Hodoyan, Investor Relations\nPhone:  1-858- 658-5431\nEmail: ir@qualcomm.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alj-rules-in-favor-of-qualcomm-in-patent-infringement-case-against-apple-at-the-us-international-trade-commission-300819155.htmlSOURCE Qualcomm IncorporatedCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "ALJ Rules in Favor of Qualcomm in Patent Infringement Case Against Apple at the U.S. International Trade Commission"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/new-yesway-green-apple-jones-soda-is-here-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 9:52 a.m. ET", "article": "DES MOINES, Iowa, March 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Yesway, the fast growing and innovative convenience store chain with locations in Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas, Nebraska, New Mexico, South Dakota and Wyoming, is thrilled to announce the launch of new Yesway Green Apple Jones [\u00ae] Soda, now available at all Yesway locations.In celebration, Yesway and Jones Soda, the hip soda with lots of ultra-cool flavors, are partnering up to offer customers a chance to try Yesway Green Apple Jones Soda and win great prizes - including two iPads, two 55\" TVs, four $50 Yesway gift cards, and many more!To join in on the fun, from March 17 - April 30, 2019, customers will find special messaging with a text-in code on the back of the bottle label of Yesway Green Apple Jones Soda. Alternatively, consumers can also participate by mail-in, simply removing the label from the bottle, and sending it, along with a self-addressed stamped envelope, to Yesway Giveaways, 138 Conant Street, Beverly, MA 01915. (Please visit www.yesway.com/rules for the General Rules. The above sweepstakes specific rules and the General Rules make up the Official Rules.)\"Jones Soda Co. is very excited to launch the custom label Green Apple product with Yesway on St. Patrick's Day,\" said Chad Kennedy, Senior Vice President of Sales, Jones Soda Co. \"With our combined efforts on social media and consumer programs we are connecting with more convenience channel fans across the central US. Yesway currently sells Jones Cream Soda, Berry Lemonade, Orange Cream, Strawberry Lime and Root Beer. Jones Soda will also be launching Green Apple cane sugar on fountain next month in many Yesway locations.\"\"We couldn't be more excited about partnering with Jones Soda Co., a brand whose fun and flavorful personality aligns so well with Yesway's, to bring this exclusive new product to our customers,\" said Derek Gaskins, Senior Vice President of Merchandising and Procurement, Yesway. \"We have many dedicated Jones Soda fans among our customers, and we hope they'll enjoy the special limited time offer we have in place to mark the launch of new Yesway Green Apple Jones Soda - 2 Jones Sodas (any flavor) for $2.50. Come in and try them all!\"To find a Yesway near you where Yesway Green Apple Jones Soda is available, visit www.Yesway.com/locations. Follow Yesway on Facebook and Twitter at @YeswayStores.Editor note:  Contact Erin Vadala, erin@warnerpr.com ; 978-468-3076 to arrange interviews.  High-resolution images, graphics available on request.About Yesway \u2013 BW Gas & Convenience, d/b/a Yesway, is headquartered in Des Moines, Iowa.  Yesway appears at #6 on the Convenience Store News \"2019 Top 20 Growth Chains\" list, was named a \"2017 Chain to Watch\" by Convenience Store Decisions, is ranked #78 on the \"CSP Top 202 Chains\" list and was most recently awarded a Bronze for Loyalty & Advocacy in the 2018 Loyalty360 Customer Experience Awards.  Yesway's swiftly expanding portfolio currently consists of 150 stores located in Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas, South Dakota, Wyoming, Nebraska and New Mexico. Yesway plans to acquire, improve, and rebrand 500 convenience stores in selected regions of the United States over the next several years.  For more information on Yesway, please visit the company's website at www.yesway.com.Contact:  Erin Vadala, Warner Communications; (978) 468-3076; erin@warnerpr.com View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-yesway-green-apple-jones-soda-is-here-300813915.htmlSOURCE YeswayCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "New Yesway Green Apple Jones\u00ae Soda Is Here!"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/ceridian-announces-upsizing-and-pricing-of-secondary-public-offering-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 9:56 p.m. ET", "article": "Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. (\u201cCeridian\u201d or the \u201cCompany\u201d) (CDAY), a global human capital management software company, announced today the pricing of an underwritten secondary public offering by affiliates of Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P. (the \u201cSelling Stockholders\u201d) of 13,000,000 shares of the Company\u2019s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the \u201cCommon Stock\u201d), at a public offering price of $50.50 per share. The offering includes an increase of 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock offered by the Selling Stockholders from the amount of shares previously announced. In addition, the Selling Stockholders have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,950,000 shares of Common Stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The offering is expected to close on March 22, 2019, subject to customary closing conditions. The offering consists entirely of secondary shares to be sold by the Selling Stockholders. The Selling Stockholders will receive all of the proceeds from the offering.Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan, Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank Securities are acting as joint lead book-running managers, and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan are acting as representatives of the underwriters for the offering. Barclays, Citigroup, Jefferies, Piper Jaffray and Wells Fargo Securities are also acting as book-running managers for the offering. Baird, CIBC Capital Markets, William Blair, Canaccord Genuity, Needham & Company and MUFG are acting as co-managers for the offering.The offering of these securities is being made only by means of a prospectus. When available, a copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained by contacting:A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the \u201cSEC\u201d). Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SEC\u2019s website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.About Ceridian HCM Holding Inc.Ceridian. Makes Work Life Better\u2122.Ceridian is a global human capital management software company. Dayforce, our flagship cloud HCM platform, provides human resources, payroll, benefits, workforce management, and talent management functionality. Our platform is used to optimize management of the entire employee lifecycle, including attracting, engaging, paying, deploying, and developing people. Ceridian has solutions for organizations of all sizes.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190319005968/en/SOURCE: Ceridian HCM Holding Inc.Jeremy Johnson\nVice President, Finance and Investor Relations\nCeridian HCM Holding Inc.\n1-844-829-9499\ninvestors@ceridian.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Ceridian Announces Upsizing and Pricing of Secondary Public Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bespin-global-has-been-positioned-in-gartner-magic-quadrant-for-public-cloud-infrastructure-professional-and-managed-services-worldwide-for-3-consecutive-years-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 9:47 p.m. ET", "article": "SEOUL, South Korea, March 14, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Bespin Global (www.bespinglobal.com), Asia's leading cloud managed service provider (MSP), has been around for little more than 3 years and the company has been named in Gartner Magic Quadrant for Public Cloud Infrastructure Professional and Managed Services Worldwide since 2017, 3 times in a row.Bespin Global was recently recognized as a Challenger in Gartner's 2019 Magic Quadrant for Public Cloud Infrastructure Professional and Managed Services Worldwide. The MSP has placed in this Gartner's Magic Quadrant for 3 consecutive years. Bespin Global, dually headquartered in Seoul and Beijing, supports Alibaba Cloud, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Huawei Cloud, Microsoft Azure and Tencent Cloud. The MSP is a significant player with dominant operational presence in East Asia. The company has recently expanded to the Middle East and Africa. Bespin Global has grown rapidly in the past 3 years in both customers and revenue. Through its strong focus on cloud-native application and data capabilities and aggressive investments into recruiting and training cloud IT talents, it is enabling some of the largest enterprises in the region to adopt the cloud IT.One of the key strategic advantages that separates Bespin Global from its Asian competitors is OpsNow, a cloud management platform (CMP) developed by Bespin Global. OpsNow, which supports AWS Global, AWS China, Azure Global, Azure China, GCP, and Ali Cloud, is the uniquely positioned to support the hybrid and multi-cloud environments of Asian enterprise customers.Bespin Global, which has more than 800 employees based in Korea and China with over 500 certified AWS, Azure, GCP, and Aliyun engineers, is well-positioned to help large enterprises with cloud adoption strategy, micro-services implementation and DevOps along with cloud native application development and operation. Bespin Global takes full advantage of the native capabilities of the hyper-scale cloud platforms, including its PaaS services, and it continues to expand its agile cloud IT capabilities. Bespin Global, whose clients include some major heavyweights in Asia such as Samsung Electronics, LG, Hyundai Motors, Amore-Pacific and PetroChina, is one of the most audacious challengers in the cloud industry.\"We're excited by the news. But we're just getting started. We still have miles to go,\" commented John Hanjoo Lee, the co-founder and CEO of Bespin Global. Lee said, \"Bespin Global's vision is to become the world's most automated MSP so that every company can leverage the power of Cloud IT.\"The following are the links to the 2019 Gartner report:https://en.bespinglobal.com/gartner-magic-quadrant-2019 https://www.gartner.com/doc/reprints?id=1-6C93C9R&ct=190308&st=sgGartner, Magic Quadrant for Public Cloud Infrastructure Professional and Managed Services, Worldwide, Craig Lowery et al., 26 February 2019Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bespin-global-has-been-positioned-in-gartner-magic-quadrant-for-public-cloud-infrastructure-professional-and-managed-services-worldwide-for-3-consecutive-years-300813008.htmlSOURCE Bespin GlobalCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Bespin Global has been positioned in Gartner Magic Quadrant for Public Cloud Infrastructure Professional and Managed Services Worldwide for 3 Consecutive years"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/what-consumers-need-to-know-about-the-upcoming-credit-card-from-apple-and-goldman-sachs-2019-02-23": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 2:41 p.m. ET", "article": "Apple AAPL, +0.97%  unveiled the details of the new credit card it\u2019s launching with Goldman GS, -0.62%   and it\u2019s promising consumers perks including \u201cdaily\u201d cash back, no annual or late fees and interest rates \u201cthat are among the lowest in the industry,\u201d the company said.Apple announced Apple Card at a press event Monday where the tech giant also revealed plans for a streaming video service, a paid news subscription, and a gaming subscription.The credit card, which will be Goldman\u2019s first, will help the two companies meet major goals. Apple will diversify its revenue base through the swipe fees it will earn, while for Goldman, the credit card fits neatly into the investment bank\u2019s push into consumer-facing financial services. The card is designed to be used in concert with the iPhone and Apple Pay.Given the big names involved, the credit card appears primed to make a big splash. To add even more sparkle for Apple fans, there will be special features in the Apple Wallet app that will only be available to consumers who sign up for the card, the Wall Street Journal reported.Despite the allure the new credit card may have \u2014 especially to devotees of Apple\u2019s product line \u2014 consumers may want to think twice about signing up.\u201cThe credit card marketplace is so competitive and there\u2019s so much out there that it\u2019s not going to be easy for these two brands, even as big and significant as they are, to come in and make their mark,\u201d Matt Schulz, chief industry analyst at CompareCards.com TREE, +0.37% told MarketWatch in January.Also see: Consumers requested the lowest number of credit inquiries since 2003 \u2014 why that\u2019s a cause for concernHere is what consumers need to know:One of the primary ways that Apple and Goldman plan to make the card competitive is by offering special features to card holders in Apple Wallet. Users will be able to track their spending, and purchases will be sorted into color-coded categories such as food and drink and entertainment, Apple said Monday. The card is also expected to have features similar to a run-of-the-mill savings app, including the ability to set spending goals, manage card payments and track rewards, the Wall Street Journal reported.With these features being key to the card\u2019s appeal, it\u2019s clear that Apple is using the card to drive user growth for Apple Pay, the mobile payment service through the Apple Wallet, experts said.Mobile payments still have not caught on in the United States as much as they have in other parts of the world, especially China. That\u2019s largely because merchants have been slow to adopt the technology, and banks until recently were fixated on the transition over to chip-and-PIN credit cards, said Richard Crone, a consultant in the payments industry.Aside from PayPal\u2019s PYPL, +0.10%  person-to-person payment app Venmo, few apps have broken out from the pack.PayPal (including Venmo) has 267 million users, compared with 32 million for Apple Pay, according to research from Crone. Apple Pay has only slightly more users than Walmart Pay WMT, -0.06%  (31 million) and the Starbucks app SBUX, +0.15%  (25 million).Apple has a vested interest in trying to get more people to use mobile pay: It diversifies its revenue away from products like the iPhone. Apple earns a portion of the interchange (or swipe) fees that go to credit card issuers anytime someone pays with Apple Pay using credit card information stored in the Apple Wallet. With its own credit card, Apple will increase the amount it earns. \u201cIf Apple were able to move just 5% of its sales to its own co-branded card they could save more than $2 billion a year,\u201d Crone said.The problem for consumers is that mobile pay can be bad for your finances. \u201cAny way you make spending less tangible, there is that risk you\u2019ll spend more because you\u2019re not actually seeing that money come out of your wallet,\u201d said Arielle O\u2019Shea, a credit card expert at NerdWallet.A recent study found that the total amount of money consumers spent increased 2.4% after the adoption of mobile payments.The other issue is that there still aren\u2019t a whole lot of retailers that take mobile pay, including Apple Pay. \u201cIf consumers can\u2019t consistently use a tool, they tend not to want to use it,\u201d said Thad Peterson, a senior analyst at The Aite Group, a consultancy.Read more: So the Fed left interest rates unchanged, but what does that mean for you?The card will have no annual fee, no late fees, and will offer a \u201clower\u201d interest rate \u2014 thought Apple did not specify exactly what that rate would be.Cardholders will earn 2% cash back on most purchases and 3% on Apple-related products and services. \u201cCustomers will receive a percentage of every Apple Card purchase amount back as Daily Cash,\u201d Apple said in a release. \u201cUnlike other cash back rewards, Daily Cash is added to customers\u2019 Apple Cash card each day and can be used right away.\u201d\u201cIf it is indeed 2% cash back on all purchases, then that is very competitive with the best cards that are out there right now,\u201d O\u2019Shea said.But it doesn\u2019t necessarily stand out from the crowd. It\u2019s in line with other flat-rate cash back cards, including the Citi Double Cash card C, -0.16%  (2% on all purchases) and the Capital One Quicksilver Cash Rewards card COF, -0.48%  (1.5% back on every purchase). But when considering the appeal of these rewards, consumers need to think about what they\u2019re spending on.\u201cYou have to learn from your spending habits if cashback or another rewards card is best for you,\u201d O\u2019Shea said. \u201cAnd you don\u2019t want to use a credit card like this an excuse to spend more on Apple products.\u201dOther cash back cards offer higher rates on certain purchases. The Discover it Cash Back card DFS, +0.17% for instance, earns 5% back on certain categories of purchases, which rotate each quarter. And the Blue Cash Preferred Card from American Express AXP, +0.08%  earns 6% back on groceries.Another way of looking at this card\u2019s rewards, as Schulz argued, is viewing them as Apple Pay rewards. But this wouldn\u2019t be the first card to offer special rewards for mobile pay purchases. Other cards that do this include the Wells Fargo WFC, -0.57%   Cash Wise Visa Card V, -0.01%  and the U.S. Bank Altitude Reserve Visa Infinite Card USB, -0.78%  .What this card really might be though is a ploy to get increased access to consumer data, Crone said.Apple and Goldman will be able to collect data on what consumers prioritize in their financial lives through the new features added to the Apple Wallet app. And with the data they collect each time consumers use the credit card, they will understand more about what items consumers are buying.(Apple and Goldman Sachs did not respond to requests for comment.)In turn, Goldman would be able to take that data and use it to better target other credit offers it provides customers. Apple and Goldman could even be poised in the future to offer customized financing offers at the point of purchase to these card holders, Crone said. In other words, consumers shopping with the card could find themselves getting financing offers on purchases as they check out through the Apple Wallet app.This would put the two companies in competition with PayPal Credit \u2014 which provides consumers with 6-months \u201cspecial\u201d financing on purchases over $100 whenever they shop \u2014 as well as other start-ups that are entering the bill-me-later space.Of course, for consumers, those attractive loan offers may only end up increasing how much debt they\u2019re in \u2014 at a time when it\u2019s taking many people two or more years just to pay off their credit cards.Shares of Apple are up 21% year-to-date, while shares of Goldman Sachs are up 14%. Comparatively, the S&P 500 SPX, -0.09%  has risen 11.9% since the start of 2019, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.01%  is up 9.5%.This story was updated on March 25, 2019.Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple\u2019s new credit card offers 2% \u2018daily\u2019 cash back \u2014 what consumers need to know about it"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/imac-gets-a-2x-performance-boost-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 8:30 a.m. ET", "article": "Apple\u00ae today updated its iMac\u00ae line with up to 8-core Intel 9th-generation processors for the first time and powerful Vega graphics options, delivering dramatic increases in both compute and graphics performance. From consumers to pros alike, users will notice their iMac is faster for everyday tasks all the way up to the most demanding pro workloads. This boost in performance, combined with its gorgeous Retina\u00ae display, sleek all-in-one design, quiet operation, fast storage and memory, modern connectivity and macOS\u00ae Mojave, makes iMac the world\u2019s best desktop.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190319005304/en/\u201cCustomers are going to love the huge boost in iMac performance. With up to 8-core processors and powerful Vega graphics, the iMac lineup is stronger than ever,\u201d said Tom Boger, Apple\u2019s senior director of Mac Product Marketing. \u201cWith its stunning Retina display, amazing design, twice the performance, and macOS Mojave that our customers love, iMac is by far the best desktop in the world.\u201dUp to 8-Core Intel 9th-Generation ProcessorsWith updated processors across the line, customers will experience dramatically faster performance for a wide range of everyday computing tasks, from editing photos to playing demanding games, composing music or even creating a feature film.Radeon Pro Vega Graphics Come to iMac for the First TimeRadeon Pro Vega graphics come to the 21.5-inch iMac, delivering up to 80 percent faster graphics performance. The 27-inch iMac with Radeon Pro Vega now delivers up to 50 percent faster graphics performance, ideal for pros with graphics-intensive workloads, such as developing 3D content, editing videos with complex effects or designing high-resolution games.**Industry\u2019s Best 4K and 5K Retina DisplaysWith up to 14.7 million pixels, 1 billion colors, 500 nits of brightness, P3 wide color gamut and an incredible viewing angle, iMac\u2019s Retina display delivers an immersive front-of-screen experience. All these pixels result in text that looks like a printed page, sharper photos with more detail, and the ability to edit 4K video at full resolution.Unrivaled All-In-One Design that Elevates Any SpaceWith its sleek aluminum and glass enclosure, 5 millimeter-thin profile and beautiful matching keyboard and mouse, iMac delivers a clean and uncluttered desktop experience that allows users to focus more on their content. With everything they need and nothing they don\u2019t, customers love how iMac fits seamlessly into so many different environments, from the home, to businesses of all sizes, or even a pro studio.macOS MojaveAll new Macs come with macOS Mojave, the latest version of the world\u2019s most advanced desktop operating system, with features inspired by pros but designed for everyone. In macOS Mojave, Dark Mode transforms the desktop with a dramatic new look that puts the focus on user content, Stacks organizes messy desktops by automatically stacking files into neat groups and FaceTime\u00ae supports group calling. macOS Mojave also brings iOS apps, including News, Stocks, Voice Memos and Home to the Mac\u00ae and features a redesigned Mac App Store\u00ae with rich editorial content and the addition of apps from top developers, including Microsoft and Adobe.Pricing and AvailabilityThe new 21.5-inch iMac with Retina 4K display starts at $1,299 (US) and the new 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display starts at $1,799 (US). Both are available to order starting today from apple.com and the Apple Store\u00ae app, and in Apple Stores and Apple Authorized Resellers next week. The non-Retina display iMac configuration continues to be available for $1,099 (US). Additional technical specifications, configure-to-order options and accessories are available online at apple.com/mac.*Testing conducted by Apple in February 2019 using preproduction 3.2GHz 6-core Intel Core i7-based 21.5-inch iMac systems with 32GB of RAM, and preproduction 3.6GHz 8-core Intel Core i9-based 27-inch iMac systems with 64GB of RAM; and shipping 3.6GHz quad-core Intel Core i7-based 21.5-inch iMac systems with 32GB of RAM, as well as shipping 4.2GHz quad-core Intel Core i7-based 27-inch iMac systems with 64GB of RAM. Autodesk Maya 2019 tested using a 399.6MB scene. Performance tests are conducted using specific computer systems and reflect the approximate performance of iMac.**Testing conducted by Apple in February 2019 using preproduction3.2GHz 6-core Intel Core i7-based 21.5-inch iMac systems withRadeon Pro Vega 20 graphics with 4GB of VRAM and 32GB ofRAM, as well as preproduction 3.6GHz 8-core Intel Core i9-based27-inch iMac systems with Radeon Pro Vega 48 graphics with 8GBVRAM and 64GB of RAM; and shipping 3.6GHz quad-core IntelCore i7-based 21.5-inch iMac systems with Radeon Pro 560graphics with 4GB VRAM and 32GB of RAM, as well as shipping4.2GHz quad-core Intel Core i7-based 27-inch iMac systems withRadeon Pro 580 graphics with 8GB VRAM and 64GB of RAM.Tested with DaVinci Resolve Studio 15 using 14 common effectsand a 10-second UHD project at 3840 x 2160 resolution and 24frames per second. Performance tests are conducted usingspecific computer systems and reflect the approximateperformance of iMac.Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple\u2019s four software platforms \u2014 iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS \u2014 provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple\u2019s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple Newsroom (www.apple.com/newsroom), or call Apple\u2019s Media Helpline at (408) 974-2042.\u00a9 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iMac, Retina, macOS, FaceTime, Mac, App Store and Apple Store are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190319005304/en/SOURCE: Apple Inc.Apple\nJennie Orphanopoulos, (408) 221-6621\njennieo@apple.com\nBill Evans, (408) 974-0610\nbevans@apple.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "iMac Gets a 2x Performance Boost"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/charting-a-7-to-1-down-day-sp-500-ventures-under-support-amid-yield-curve-headwind-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 12:17 p.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks are mixed early Monday, treading water in the wake of the most aggressive single-day downdraft since early January.Against this backdrop, the S&P 500 has ventured under major support (2,817), pulling in to its next notable floor around the 2,800 mark. Though the S&P has thus far weathered the downturn \u2014 averting material follow-through \u2014 technical damage has been inflicted in spots.Before detailing the U.S. markets\u2019 wider view, the S&P 500\u2019s", "title": "Charting a 7-to-1 down day: S&P 500 ventures under support amid yield-curve headwind"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/new-generation-of-startups-threaten-blue-chips-like-cvs-and-unitedhealth-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 8:25 a.m. ET", "article": "If you want to understand business innovation\u2019s cutting-edge approach, the online watch retailer Watch Outfitters, founded by 17-year-old Jonah Saya, is a good place to start.On the surface, it seems like just another online retailer. Probe deeper, though, and you notice an interesting distinction. Saya doesn\u2019t make or sell the watches\u2014a Chinese manufacturer does. He doesn\u2019t ship any orders\u2014a U.S.-based distributor does. He doesn\u2019t take payments\u2014Square and PayPal do. He didn\u2019t even create the website or take the pictures of the products. What Saya solely does is generate traffic by using Facebook.Watch Outfitters is one of a new breed of startups with one defining trait: breaking, or decoupling, the links in the \u201ccustomer value chain.\u201d These disruptors focus on offering customers one or a couple of activities (trialing products, comparing them, selecting them, shipping them, consuming them, disposing of them, and so on), leaving it to established businesses to fulfill the rest. Airbnb, Pandora, Spotify and Uber are high-profile examples of this trend.Now decoupling is advancing into new markets like health care, education, agriculture and industrial firms. Among the established companies most at risk are UnitedHealth UNH, +0.30%   and CVS Health CVS, -3.07% Laureate Education LAUR, -0.27%   and Graham Holdings GHC, +0.00% DowDuPont DWDP, -0.06%   and Caterpillar CAT, +0.36% and General Electric GE, +0.15%   and Honeywell HON, +0.47%Take health care. EverlyWell allows patients to order a kit online and use it to send back a sample of saliva, urine, or blood that is resent to traditional labs for analysis. The company offers more than 35 tests, from fertility to cholesterol. Consumer don\u2019t leave home to do exams. This is potentially very disruptive to UnitedHealth\u2019s business model reliant on costly physical locations.PillPack organized and delivered the multiple pills that people needed to take during the day, but it didn\u2019t sell these medications\u2014pharmacies did. Amazon.com AMZN, -0.08%  bought it, and now the \u201ceverything store\u201d is moving into CVS\u2019s turf in a big way.In agriculture, Farmer\u2019s Business Network collects data on crop yield from various farmers in a region and helps them decide what seed type is best for their farms, bypassing the salespeople of DowDuPont and Caterpillar. Similarly, decouplers using online education platforms and 3-D printing are aiming their crosshairs on the established players in educational and industrial Fortune 500 companies, respectively.Of course, decoupling alone is no guarantee of market success.When decouplers haven\u2019t succeeded, it\u2019s in large part because they\u2019ve failed to improve the activities they steal. Instead of focusing on one activity and doing it better, the juice startup Juicero tried to improve the entire process of consuming natural fruit juice. It inserted itself into production, connecting with fruit growers and building juice processing facilities. It also created, packaged and delivered juice packages in addition to selling a $700 juice dispenser (later reduced to $400) to squeeze juice packages into a cup.From the consumer\u2019s standpoint, Juicero did make consuming juice slightly easier by shipping packages to consumers\u2019 homes and saving them the trouble of squeezing juice by hand, but the juice dispenser\u2019s costliness offset that benefit. Unimpressed by the overall offering, consumers stayed away from Juicero, and the company closed after four years.Another startup, Shyp, picked up, packaged, and delivered items that incumbents like FedEx and UPS shipped, decoupling these activities from the actual shipping of packages. Many people find it bothersome to pack and deliver small parcels to the post office, but they wouldn\u2019t pay more than a few dollars for someone to do this for them. For Shyp to survive, it had to offer dirt-cheap rates, but it couldn\u2019t do so unless it operated efficiently and at scale. In 2018, after a failed early expansion, Shyp went out of business.Investors in Juicero and Shyp got badly burned. How can you know if investing in a decouplers is wise? My research reveals four questions that investors should ask:\u2022 Do they deliver more for less? Successful decouplers deliver a better product or service for their chosen activity. \u201cBetter\u201d often means cheaper, faster or less effort. Trov, an app-based insurance startup, allows people to insure their possessions one item at a time by turning insurance on and off with the swipe of a finger on demand. That\u2019s clearly an improvement over the traditional process.\u2022 Do they attend to the cumulative benefit? To avoid Juicero\u2019s fate, ensure that improvements in one dimension of quality don\u2019t offset deficits in another. An activity that is easier or faster might not benefit consumers overall if it\u2019s not cheaper. One reason ride-hailing startups like Uber and Lyft are so popular is that they don\u2019t require any meaningful trade-offs relative to taxis.\u2022 Can they anticipate a response? Incumbents won\u2019t simply allow upstarts to steal customer activities from them. They\u2019ll respond either by copying the upstart \u201cthieves\u201d and decoupling themselves, or by attempting to take back the activity and \u201crecouple it.\u201d Threatened by WhatsApp, big telecom companies opted to made talk and text free, which initially reduced much of the message service\u2019s appeal with consumers.\u2022 Do they understand the end game? Some decoupling businesses can sustain themselves over time as stand-alone companies, but others can\u2019t. That\u2019s not necessarily a bad thing. Even in cases where decouplers aren\u2019t profitable, they can still add tremendous value to other businesses. SiriusXM paid $3.5 billion for Pandora, Amazon paid nearly $1 billion each for Pillpack and Twitch (a streaming service), and Target bought Shipt, a delivery decoupler, for $550 million.If you are an investor in blue-chip companies, assess two risks. First, how likely are they to be in the crosshairs of disruptive startups aiming to steal their customers? And second, how effective can they respond to this new wave of digital disruption?Remember that size, market dominance and financial resources are not enough to fend off digital disruptors. They didn\u2019t save Borders, Circuit City, Kodak or Nokia from extinction. Decoupling might topple more.Thales Teixeira is a professor at the Harvard Business School and the author of \u201cUnlocking the Customer Value Chain.\u201d", "title": "Opinion: New generation of startups threaten blue-chips like CVS and UnitedHealth"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/berkadia-acquires-central-park-capital-partners-launches-berkadias-structured-capital-group-2019-03-05": {"date": "Mar 5, 2019 10:15 a.m. ET", "article": "New York, NY, Mar 05, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- New York, NY, March 05, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Berkadia today announced the acquisition of Central Park Capital Partners (\"CPCP\"), a boutique real estate capital advisory firm focused on arranging joint venture investments and structured capital from international and domestic institutional and qualified capital sources. CPCP's Founder and Managing Principal Noam Franklin and Principals Chinmay Bhatt and Cody Kirkpatrick will launch Berkadia's Structured Capital Group to offer greater support and resources to Berkadia clients. Mr. Franklin and Mr. Bhatt will be based out of Berkadia's New York City headquarters, while Mr. Kirkpatrick will operate out of Berkadia's Denver office.\"With our acquisition of Central Park Capital Partners, we're redoubling our efforts to make the accessibility of joint venture and structured capital a true differentiator with new levels of personalization and customization for the mutual benefit of our clients,\" said Berkadia CEO Justin Wheeler. \"As the cycle matures and deal structures become more sophisticated, tapping into a wide range of joint venture capital is critical to our clients. Having worked with Noam, Chinmay and Cody on a number of successful deals, CPCP was the obvious choice for a competitive acquisition.\"\"The CPCP team has deep relationships with diverse domestic and international joint venture capital sources and they share our long-term view and dedication to client service,\" continued Wheeler. \"With the launch of Berkadia's Structured Capital Group, we're truly a one-stop shop--enabling clients to take advantage of competitive opportunities in the market in a more streamlined manner and driving greater value.\"In 2018, Berkadia completed over $34 billion in combined mortgage banking and investments sales production across more than 1800 transactions.\"We've been working closely with the Berkadia team recently and have been impressed that they share our targeted approach to client engagement and deal execution,\" said Mr. Franklin. \"We have strong domestic and international capital relationships, particularly in the Middle East, Canada, Europe and Asia.\"\"In joining Berkadia, we're bringing a diverse roster of new capital sources to the table, creating enhanced joint venture matchmaking opportunities backed by best-in-class insight, technology and experience,\" continued Mr. Franklin. \"Considering current market conditions, owners and developers are looking beyond their traditional partners and seeking to grow their stable of joint venture funding sources in order to capitalize deals. As Berkadia's Structured Capital Group, we're well positioned to meet this challenge and create synergies that will drive results for all stakeholders.\"About Berkadia(R):Berkadia, a joint venture of Berkshire Hathaway and Jefferies Financial Group, is a leader in the commercial real estate industry, offering a robust suite of services to our multifamily and commercial property clients. Through our integrated mortgage banking, investment sales and servicing platform, Berkadia delivers comprehensive real estate solutions for the entire life cycle of our clients' assets.To learn more about Berkadia, please visit www.berkadia.com.###(C) 2019 Berkadia Proprietary Holding LLC. Berkadia(R) is a registered trademark of Berkadia Proprietary Holding LLC.Commercial mortgage loan banking and servicing businesses are conducted exclusively by Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC and Berkadia Commercial Mortgage Inc.Investment sales / real estate brokerage business is conducted exclusively by Berkadia Real Estate Advisors LLC and Berkadia Real Estate Advisors Inc.This advertisement is not intended to solicit commercial mortgage loan brokerage business in Nevada.In California, Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC conducts business under CA Finance Lender & Broker Lic. #988-0701, Berkadia Commercial Mortgage Inc. under CA Real Estate Broker Lic. #01874116 and Berkadia Real Estate Advisors Inc. under CA Real Estate Broker Lic. #01931050.For state licensing details for the above entities, visit: http://www.berkadia.com/legal/licensing.aspx(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "BERKADIA ACQUIRES CENTRAL PARK CAPITAL PARTNERS, LAUNCHES BERKADIA'S STRUCTURED CAPITAL GROUP"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/berkshire-hathaway-class-a-stock-price-target-cut-to-364500-from-387500-at-ubs-2019-03-06": {"date": "Mar 6, 2019 9:07 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/forbes-named-kylie-jenner-the-youngest-self-made-billionaire-ever-haters-disagree-2019-03-05": {"date": "Mar 6, 2019 12:36 p.m. ET", "article": "Meet the world\u2019s youngest selfie-made billionaire.Reality star and cosmetics queen Kylie Jenner, 21, is probably the most recognizable (and controversial) newcomer in the Forbes magazine world billionaires issue revealed Tuesday. The social-media star\u2019s fortune has officially hit $1 billion, several months after Forbes put her on the cover of its \u201crichest self-made women\u201d issue.The new billionaires list credits Jenner with working her fame and social-media savvy to grow Kylie Cosmetics into a $900 million business, which began selling its $29 lip kits in Ulta\u2019s ULTA, +1.11% 1,000-plus stores last year, bumping revenue 9% to an estimated $360 million. She reaches 128 million Instagram followers, and 27.6 million on Twitter. Forbes also noted that she owns all of her company, and she keeps overhead low with a small staff: There are just seven full-time and five part-time employees, and most marketing is done on social media, with her mother, Kris Jenner, also handling finance and public relations in exchange for a 10% management fee. And she has become a billionaire faster than even Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, who was at the ripe old age of 23 when he hit the 10-figure mark.However, the \u201cself-made\u201d moniker drew backlash from critics on Tuesday, even as last summer\u2019s cover story did, with many arguing that Jenner was already born into fame and fortune.Forbes has said it defines \u201cself-made\u201d as \u201dany person who built her own fortune, and didn\u2019t inherit the money.\u201d Jenner started Kylie Cosmetics in 2015 by funding the first 15,000 lip kits with money she\u2019d made from modeling, telling Paper in February that her parents actually cut her off at 15. \u201cThe self-made thing is true,\u201d she said. \u201cMy parents told me I needed to make my own money, it\u2019s time to learn how to save and spend your own money, stuff like that. What I\u2019m trying to say is, I did have a platform, but none of my money is inherited.\u201dAnd that\u2019s not so unusual for many of the world\u2019s richest, in fact. Anne Vandermay wrote in a 2018 Bloomberg column that Facebook\u2019s FB, -0.15% Zuckerberg had the opportunity to create an instant-messaging platform for his dad\u2019s dental practice when he was just 12, and Twitter TWTR, +0.00% co-founder Jack Dorsey had a programming internship at 15. \u201cToday\u2019s prototypical founding story involves an upper-middle-class childhood, early access to a computer and an elite education,\u201d she wrote \u2014 yet Zuckerberg didn\u2019t endure nearly as much backlash for being described as \u201cself-made.\u201dDon\u2019t miss: Would we mock Kylie Jenner\u2019s $900 million fortune if her name was Kyle?Overall, the Forbes 33rd annual billionaires list of the world\u2019s wealthiest featured many familiar faces, such as Amazon honcho Jeff Bezos in the top spot for the second year running with $131 billion, up $19 billion from last year, thanks to a rise in Amazon\u2019s AMZN, -0.06% stock price. Microsoft MSFT, -0.38% founder Bill Gates remained in second place with $96.5 billion, up from $90 billion last year. And while Warren Buffett\u2019s net work dropped by $1.5 billion to $82.5 billion, the Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.06% magnate remained in third place, while Bernard Arnault (the richest person in Europe) took fourth place with $76 billion, and Mexican telecom mogul Carlos Slim Helu rose two spots to fifth place with $64 billion.Zuckerberg, however, slipped three places to No. 8 as his fortune dropped by $8.7 billion to $62.3 billion. He wasn\u2019t alone. There are only 2,153 billionaires in the 2019 billionaires club, down from 2,208 in 2018, and their combined worth is $8.7 trillion, down from $9.1 trillion in 2018. The average net worth of this year\u2019s billionaires is $4 billion, down from $4.1 billion in 2018. That gave some billionaires a boost, though. President Donald Trump\u2019s net worth stayed flat at $3.1 billion, but he rose from 766th place to 715th, benefiting from the record number of billionaires who lost money last year.Besides Jenner, the 195 billionaire newcomers include Oracle CEO Safra Catz, Spotify co-founder and CEO Daniel Ek, and Canada Goose CEO Dani Reiss. And new billionaire Daniel Lubetzky, founder and CEO of Kind Healthy Snacks, graces the cover of the Forbes issue.", "title": "Forbes named Kylie Jenner the youngest self-made billionaire ever \u2014 and the \u2018self-made\u2019 part has people talking"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/golden-apple-surprises-united-township-high-school-teacher-with-prestigious-award-for-excellence-in-teaching-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 2:19 p.m. ET", "article": "CHICAGO, March 21, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Golden Apple, a leading Illinois nonprofit committed to recognizing exemplary educators and developing future educators, today surprised Heather Monson, a high school World History teacher at United Township High School in East Moline, with the highly respected Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching. The annual award, which recognizes and honors outstanding teachers for their role in building a stronger, better-educated society, was presented to Monson in front of students, family and school leadership.Following a highly competitive process, the 2019 award recipients were selected from more than 550 nominations of high school teachers. For the first time in the history of the awards, the eligibility boundaries were expanded to include all of Illinois. The demand for recognition throughout the state was profound. As evidence, nominations for outstanding teachers and leaders were received from 71 Illinois counties.  \"The historic opportunity to bring the recognition of the Golden Apple Awards for Excellence in Teaching to all of the schools and teachers in Illinois is thrilling and we are delighted to honor Heather Monson this year,\" said Alan Mather, President of Golden Apple.The Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching honors outstanding teachers for their roles in having lasting, positive effects on students' lives and building stronger communities. Teacher finalists demonstrate -- in their teaching and results -- significant, positive impact on their students' growth and learning. Fellow educators, students, parents and community members nominate teachers for the awards. Teachers may not self-nominate.\"We believe that recognizing exemplary educators helps to elevate the teaching profession to its rightful place of honor,\" said Alicia Winckler, CEO of Golden Apple. \"Golden Apple is inspired by the high standards set by these outstanding educators. The quality of their teaching and passion for supporting their students' growth create an environment in which students are inspired to persevere and attain their dreams. Their work as educators is critical to realizing a better future and we are proud to recognize their valuable contributions.\"Award recipients are selected by master educators who understand and recognize instructional best practices and who utilize professional standards to evaluate exemplary teachers and school leaders. Members of the selection committee viewed video evidence of instruction and observed finalists' teaching in-person in their classrooms - a comprehensive day which included direct observation of in-classroom teaching accompanied by interviewing finalists' colleagues, school leaders, students, parents, and community members.About Heather MonsonThe subjects Monson teaches include College Prep World History, World History, Senior Level Critical Thinking and Western Civilization. Her principal says she is an outstanding teacher who champions the improvement of her students, her colleagues, the school culture and her own professional development. Her work with the National Council for the Social Studies and the Illinois State Board of Education has impacted education both locally and nationally. She has recently connected nine students with State Senators through the Youth Advisory Council which led to their active participation in the governmental process. She championed the inclusion of 35 students as election judges in the 2019 local, county and state elections. Monson worked to include ethics modules in course teachings through a local college program, which led to multiple scholarship opportunities for her students. She has helped her students attain an estimated $200,000 in college scholarships in the past five years. She is committed to organizing many volunteer and charitable giving events at United Township. She has coordinated and chaperoned student trips to Chicago, Puerto Rico and Europe. An avid life-long learner, Monson completed her Masters Degree in History in 2017. She is the faculty sponsor of the National Honors Society.Videos, photos and social media snapshots of the 2019 award surprise visits, can be found at https://www.goldenapple.org/awards.The 2019 award recipients will be featured on a Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) one-hour TV program. The livestream of the show taping will air on Golden Apple's Facebook page on May 18, 2019 and the edited PBS broadcast will air on multiple future dates.As a highly-valued component of this recognition, Northwestern University, Golden Apple's partner for more than 30 years, generously provides a Spring Sabbatical to award recipients at no cost.\"In honoring and developing K-12 teachers, Northwestern University and the Golden Apple Foundation are committed to improving teaching, learning, and the lives of kids across the state of Illinois,\"  said Timothy Dohrer, Ph.D., Director of the Master of Science in Education Program at Northwestern University's School of Education & Social Policy.In addition, each Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching recipient receives a $5,000 cash award. Award recipients also become Fellows of the Golden Apple Academy of Educators, a community of educators who support current and future teachers and deepen the learning of students. An important part of a Fellows' mission is to share their expertise and mentor Golden Apple Scholars, who are aspiring teachers with a desire to teach in Illinois' schools-of-need.The nomination period for the 2020 Golden Apple Awards for Excellence in Teaching opened March 18, 2019. All are invited to nominate an exceptional 4th-8th grade Illinois teacher. More information about the awards nomination process can be found at https://www.goldenapple.org/awards.About Golden AppleFounded in 1985, Golden Apple innovates teacher preparation and leadership to transform both the careers of teachers as well as the lives of students in Illinois. Its signature initiative, the Golden Apple Scholars Program, provides exceptional teacher preparation, resources and lifelong support to advance educational excellence for Illinois' most underserved students in schools-of-need. Aspiring teachers/Scholars are recruited from the communities in which they return to serve -- with a passion for teaching and a drive to create positive change for young people in their communities. Scholars commit to teach at an Illinois school-of-need for five years after graduation. More than 1,000 Scholars currently are teaching across Illinois.Visit http://www.goldenapple.org for more information.Media contact: \nEileen Rochford\n312-953-3305\neileenr@theharbingergroup.comView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/golden-apple-surprises-united-township-high-school-teacher-with-prestigious-award-for-excellence-in-teaching-300816666.htmlSOURCE Golden AppleCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Golden Apple Surprises United Township High School Teacher with Prestigious Award for Excellence in Teaching"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/microsoft-google-and-ibm-listed-as-visionary-leaders-by-360quadrants-for-artificial-intelligence-in-retail-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 11:00 a.m. ET", "article": "PUNE, India, March 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- 360Quadrants powered by MarketsandMarkets\u2122, the world's only comparison platform that combines expert analysis with crowdsourced insights has released a quadrant on Artificial Intelligence in Retail industry to help businesses make quicker and more informed decisions. The first release of the quadrant has Microsoft, Google and IBM sharing space as Visionary Leaders. 360Quadrants are generated post analysis of companies (product portfolios and business strategy). Quadrants will be updated every three months, and the position of vendors will reflect how buyers, industry experts, and other vendors rate them on different parameters.Quadrant highlights30+ companies offering artificial intelligence in retail industry were analyzed of which 25 companies were shortlisted and categorized on a quadrant under Visionary Leaders, Innovators, Dynamic Differentiators, and Emerging Leaders.Microsoft, Google, IBM, Salesforce, Intel, SAP, Oracle, and Amazon Web Services have been identified as visionary leaders as they have established product portfolios and a robust market presence and business strategy.Inbenta Technologies, Narrative Science, Sentinent Technologies, Manthan Software Services, Appier, and Dynamic Yield have been identified as innovators as they have focused product portfolios, but a mediocre business strategy.Optoro, Daisy Intelligence, and ViSenze have been identified as emerging companies as they have a niche product offering but limited business strategy. Samsung, Infosys, Wipro, NVIDIA, Nuance Communications, MicroStrategy, IPsoft, and Happiest Minds have been recognized as dynamic differentiators.The 360Quadrants platform provides the most granular Artificial Intelligence in Retail comparison between vendors.MethodologyThe methodology used to rank Artificial Intelligence in Retail companies involved the use of extensive secondary research to identify key vendors by referring to annual reports, press releases, investor presentations, white papers, and various related directories and databases. 25 key vendors were shortlisted on the basis of their breadth of product offerings, organization size, and other criteria. The scores and weights for shortlisted vendors against each parameter were finalized post research.  After the ratings were finalized, each vendor was placed in respective quadrants based on their score in the product offering and business strategy parameters.About 360Quadrants360Quadrants essentially compares companies in emerging technologies on 6 broad maturities: product maturity, company maturity, use-case maturity, investment maturity, technology maturity, and business outcome maturity. Each company is reviewed by 4 stakeholders\u2014buyers, industry experts, other vendors, and MarketsandMarkets analysts\u2014to make it unbiased. 360 aims to simplify and de-risk complex purchase decisions. Buyers get to personalize their quadrant against their specific needs. The combined insights from peers, analysts, experts, and vendors cut the bias and helps the buyer find the best fit solution. Vendors get to position themselves to win ideal new customers, customize their quadrants, decide key parameters, and position themselves strategically in a niche space, to be consumed by giants and start-ups alike. Experts get to grow their personal brand and increase their thought leadership. The 360 platform targets the building of a social network that links industry experts with companies worldwide.360Quadrants has also launched quadrants in fields like Artificial Intelligence in Manufacturing, Automotive Artificial Intelligence, and Artificial Intelligence Platform.About MarketsandMarkets\u2122MarketsandMarkets\u2122 provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact the revenues of 70% to 80% of companies worldwide. MarketsandMarkets\u2122 currently services 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets\u2122 for their pain points around revenues decisions.Contact:\nMr. Manoj Singhvi\nmanoj.singhvi@marketsandmarkets.com\nMarketsandMarkets\u2122 Research Private Ltd.\nTower B5, office 101, Magarpatta SEZ,\nHadapsar, Pune - 411013, India\nPhone: +1-888-600-6441 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/microsoft-google-and-ibm-listed-as-visionary-leaders-by-360quadrants-for-artificial-intelligence-in-retail-300814689.htmlSOURCE MarketsandMarketsCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Microsoft, Google and IBM listed as Visionary Leaders by 360Quadrants for Artificial Intelligence in Retail"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-hospitality-reit-announces-executive-leadership-transition-plan-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 4:15 p.m. ET", "article": "Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. APLE, -0.06% (the \u201cCompany\u201d or \u201cApple Hospitality\u201d) announced today that the Company\u2019s Board of Directors has appointed Kristian Gathright to the Board of Directors, effective March 22, 2019, and that Mrs. Gathright plans to retire from her role with the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in the first quarter of 2020. The Company also announced today that Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Bryan Peery intends to retire from the Company in the first quarter of 2020.Apple Hospitality is working with an executive search firm, with a focus on external candidates, for a successor Chief Financial Officer. The Company will utilize the depth of its existing team and the new Chief Financial Officer to transition the responsibilities of Mrs. Gathright and Mr. Peery. Mrs. Gathright and Mr. Peery plan to remain with the Company over the next year to assist with an orderly transition and ensure an efficient and seamless integration of the new structure.Justin Knight, the Company\u2019s President and Chief Executive Officer, noted, \u201cI cannot thank Krissy and Bryan enough for their dedication to the Apple REIT Companies and our shareholders throughout their careers, and we greatly appreciate their ongoing commitment to the Company during this transition. Their ability to produce results and develop Apple Hospitality and our team has been exceptional. I am excited Krissy has joined our Board of Directors, where we will continue to benefit from her outstanding industry knowledge and strategic expertise. Krissy and Bryan have been instrumental in making Apple Hospitality what it is today, and while I will miss my daily interactions with each of them upon their departures, we have an incredible team that I am confident will continue to drive the Company\u2019s success.\u201dMrs. Gathright was the first employee of the Apple REIT Companies, which began in 1999. She has played a vital role in the Companies\u2019 growth and accomplishments, and through her leadership, passion and diligence, has made Apple Hospitality a leader in operational excellence and efficiency. In conjunction with her role with the Company, she has developed outstanding industry knowledge and experience through her involvement with brands, operators and organizations that support the hotel industry. Mrs. Gathright\u2019s appointment to the Apple Hospitality Board of Directors increases its size from eight to nine members. She will stand for election as a Board-recommended nominee at the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Her anticipated retirement in 2020 is not expected to impact her status as a Board member. Mrs. Gathright also serves on the Board of Directors of the American Hotel and Lodging Association, as President of the Courtyard Franchise Advisory Council, and on the distribution advisory councils for Marriott and Hilton. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree, Graduate with Distinction, in Accounting from the McIntire School of Commerce at the University of Virginia.About Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc.Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. APLE, -0.06% is a publicly traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that owns one of the largest and most diverse portfolios of upscale, rooms-focused hotels in the United States. Apple Hospitality\u2019s portfolio consists of 243 hotels with more than 31,000 guest rooms located in 88 markets throughout 34 states. Franchised with industry-leading brands, the Company\u2019s portfolio comprises 114 Marriott-branded hotels, 128 Hilton-branded hotels and one Hyatt-branded hotel. For more information, please visit www.applehospitalityreit.com.Forward-Looking Statements DisclaimerCertain statements contained in this press release other than historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are predictions and generally can be identified by use of statements that include phrases such as \u201cmay,\u201d \u201cbelieve,\u201d \u201cexpect,\u201d \u201canticipate,\u201d \u201cintend,\u201d \u201cestimate,\u201d \u201cproject,\u201d \u201ctarget,\u201d \u201cgoal,\u201d \u201cplan,\u201d \u201cshould,\u201d \u201cwill,\u201d \u201cpredict,\u201d \u201cpotential,\u201d \u201coutlook,\u201d \u201cstrategy,\u201d and similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievements of Apple Hospitality to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the ability of Apple Hospitality to effectively acquire and dispose of properties; the ability of Apple Hospitality to implement its operating strategy; changes in general political, economic and competitive conditions and specific market conditions; adverse changes in the real estate and real estate capital markets; financing risks; litigation risks; regulatory proceedings or inquiries; and changes in laws or regulations or interpretations of current laws and regulations that impact Apple Hospitality\u2019s business, assets or classification as a real estate investment trust. Although Apple Hospitality believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore there can be no assurance that such statements included in this press release will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by Apple Hospitality or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or the objectives and plans of Apple Hospitality will be achieved. In addition, Apple Hospitality\u2019s qualification as a real estate investment trust involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Readers should carefully review Apple Hospitality\u2019s financial statements and the notes thereto, as well as the risk factors described in Apple Hospitality\u2019s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, in the section titled \u201cRisk Factors\u201d in the Company\u2019s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Any forward-looking statement that Apple Hospitality makes speaks only as of the date of such statement. Apple Hospitality undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or cautionary factors, as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.For additional information or to receive press releases by email, visit www.applehospitalityreit.com .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005755/en/SOURCE: Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc.Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc.\nKelly Clarke, Vice President, Investor Relations\n804-727-6321\nkclarke@applereit.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Apple Hospitality REIT Announces Executive Leadership Transition Plan"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-launches-next-gen-airpods-with-faster-connect-times-more-talk-time-and-hey-siri-feature-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 8:32 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/heres-what-kool-aid-and-cigarettes-have-in-common-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 1:34 p.m. ET", "article": "Tobacco companies applied the same advertising strategies they used to sell cigarettes to get kids hooked on sugar-filled drinks like Kool-Aid and Hawaiian Punch, new research suggests.Researchers at the University of California San Francisco analyzed corporate archives that showed leading tobacco companies used the cigarette-related intel they gathered on artificial flavors, coloring and marketing to create cartoon ads that would appeal to kids, like those featuring the Kool-Aid Man and Punchy, the mascot for Hawaiian Punch, a study published Thursday in the medical publication BMJ reveals.Tobacco giant R.J. Reynolds RAI, -1.59%  pivoted to sweetened beverages in 1963 when it purchased Hawaiian Punch from Pacific Hawaiian Products Company. The drink had been previously promoted to adults as a cocktail mixer, but R.J. Reynolds put its own spin on the fruit punch drink with the \u201cPunchy\u201d mascot, similarly to how it created the cartoon character \u201cJoe Camel,\u201d to promote cigarettes, according to the report.Kool-Aid and Capri Sun, which are now owned by KraftHeinz KHC, -0.58%  , and Hawaiian Punch, which is now owned by Keurig Dr Pepper KDP, -0.32%  , did not immediately return MarketWatch\u2019s requests for comment. R.J. Reynolds and Philip Morris declined to comment on the study.Cigarette companies used many of the same chemicals that went into products like cherry-scented chewing tobacco and apple-flavored cigarettes for kid\u2019s drinks, Dr. Laura Schmidt, an author of the study and professor of health policy at U.C.S.F. School of Medicine, told the New York Times.The goal, according to a company report from 1985, was \u201cto leave people wanting more.\u201d\u201cExecutives in the two largest U.S.-based tobacco companies had developed colors and flavors as additives for cigarettes and used them to build major children\u2019s beverage product lines,\u201d Schmidt said in a statement. \u201cEven after the tobacco companies sold these brands to food and beverage corporations, many of the product lines and marketing techniques designed to attract kids are still in use today.\u201dThere\u2019s other evidence that fruity flavors can get kids hooked on unhealthy products. A study by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine published last month suggested that young people are becoming addicted to e-cigarettes largely because they come in fruity flavors like mango and cherry. Other studies show that vaping can lead to teens using traditional tobacco cigarettes, and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration recently released new restrictions aimed at limiting the sale of flavors other than tobacco, mint and menthol at brick and mortar stores.The University of California San Francisco study analyzed how cigarette companies changed their focus to soft drinks when the health effects of smoking tobacco were met with increased scrutiny in the 1960s and 1970s. During that time, R.J. Reynolds did taste tests with kids to evaluate colors, sweetness and flavors for Hawaiian Punch products. Then by 1983, R.J. Reynolds launched the country\u2019s first juice box, positioned as a \u201chandy little carton that comes with its very own straw.\u201d The innovation led to a 34% jump in sales, according to the documents.In 1985, Philip Morris, the maker of Marlboro cigarettes PM, -0.43%  , bought Kool-Aid, and flipped the script on its marketing campaign, switching from targeting families to kids specifically by creating the Kool-Aid Man cartoon, similarly to how it used the iconic Marlboro man to sell cigarettes, researchers said. Kool-Aid also launched partnerships with toy brands like Hot Wheels and Barbie MAT, -1.68% Even after the tobacco companies sold the brands to food and beverage corporations, many of the product lines and marketing campaigns designed to lure in kids are still in use today.The research comes as kids in America consume an average of 143 calories a day in sugary beverages, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. What\u2019s more, almost one third of kids in the U.S. are overweight or obese, according to the CDC.Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Here\u2019s what Kool-Aid and cigarettes have in common"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-launching-a-new-skincare-line-belei-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:45 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/gds-announces-pricing-of-public-offering-of-adss-2019-03-15-7184320": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 7:03 a.m. ET", "article": "SHANGHAI, China, Mar 15, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SHANGHAI, China, March 15, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- GDS Holdings Limited (\"GDS\" or the \"Company\") GDS, +1.38% today announced the pricing of a public offering by it of 11,940,299 American Depositary Shares (\"ADSs\"), each representing eight of its Class A ordinary shares, at a public offering price of US$33.50 per ADS. The underwriters have been granted a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,791,044 ADSs from GDS at the same price.The offering is expected to close on March 19, 2019, subject to customary closing conditions.GDS expects to use the net proceeds from the offering in connection with the development and acquisition of new data centers and for other general corporate purposes.J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the proposed offering, and Cowen, Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Haitong International, Raymond James and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. are acting as co-managers.The securities described above are being offered by GDS pursuant to a shelf registration statement filed by GDS with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the \"SEC\") that automatically became effective as of January 23, 2018. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any offer or sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.The offering is being made only by means of an effective shelf registration statement, including a preliminary prospectus supplement and final prospectus, which was or will be filed with the SEC and available on the SEC's website located at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the final prospectus relating to this offering, when available, may be obtained from: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at 866-803-9204 or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Prospectus Department, Cynthia Simmons, 2nd Floor, 180 Varick Street, New York, NY, 10014, United States of America, or by calling 1-917-606-8487, or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; or RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10281-8098, or by telephone at (877) 822-4089 or by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com.About GDSGDS Holdings Limited GDS, +1.38% is a leading developer and operator of high-performance data centers in China. The Company's facilities are strategically located in China's primary economic hubs where demand for high-performance data center services is concentrated. The Company's data centers have large net floor area, high power capacity, density and efficiency, and multiple redundancy across all critical systems. GDS is carrier and cloud neutral, which enables customers to connect directly to all major PRC telecommunications carriers and to the largest PRC and global cloud service providers hosted by GDS in many of its facilities. The Company has an 18-year track record of service delivery, successfully fulfilling the requirements of some of the largest and most demanding customers for outsourced data center services in China. The Company's base of customers consists predominantly of hyper-scale cloud service providers, large internet companies, financial institutions, telecommunications and IT service providers, and large domestic private sector and multinational corporations.Safe HarborThis news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as \"will,\" \"expects,\" \"anticipates,\" \"future,\" \"intends,\" \"plans,\" \"believes,\" \"estimates,\" \"target,\" \"going forward,\" \"outlook\" and similar statements. Such statements are based upon management's current expectations and current market and operating conditions, and relate to events that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company's control, which may cause the Company's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Further information regarding these and other risks, uncertainties or factors is included in the Company's filings with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under law.For investor and media inquiries, please contact:\nGDS Holdings Limited\nLaura Chen\nPhone: +86 (21) 2033-0295\nEmail: ir@gds-services.comThe Piacente Group, Inc.\nBrandi Piacente\nPhone: +1 (212) 481-2050\nEmail: GDS@tpg-ir.comRoss Warner\nPhone: +86 (10) 5730-6200\nEmail: GDS@tpg-ir.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "GDS Announces Pricing of Public Offering of ADSs"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-stock-price-target-raised-to-220-from-197-at-morgan-stanley-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 10:39 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/altalink-delivers-strong-customer-satisfaction-results-in-2018-2019-02-25": {"date": "Feb 25, 2019 5:14 p.m. ET", "article": "CALGARY, Alberta, Feb 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS RESTRICTION MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF U.S. SECURITIES LAWCALGARY, Alberta, Feb. 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- AltaLink's commitment to providing its customers with top service has resulted in the best full-year, customer satisfaction results in the history of the business. AltaLink's customer satisfaction score was 96% in 2018 compared to a score of 91% the previous year.\"Customers expect us to deliver safe, reliable and affordable transmission service across Alberta,\" said Scott Thon, AltaLink's President and Chief Executive Officer. \"Our entire team of employees has done a great job in better understanding and improving our performance on behalf of our customers.\"Segments of customers currently connected to the grid and customers in the process of being connected are surveyed quarterly based on their experience working with AltaLink.The reliability of energy supply is AltaLink's customers' number one concern. During 2018, AltaLink also delivered improved results in reliability, reducing both the average duration and average frequency of outages on its system.\"We are improving the reliability of our system without increasing the cost to our customers,\" said Thon. \"We've filed an application with the Alberta Utilities Commission to keep our rates flat for the next three years and remain committed to maintaining those rates through 2023.\"Delivering energy safely is also important to our customers. In November 2018, for the second consecutive year, we received the Canadian Electricity Association President's Award of Excellence for Employee Safety as the best performing transmission company with 501-1000 employees.\"To say we're proud of our employees safety performance is an understatement,\" said Thon. \"Our team has built a culture on the principle of taking care of each other in the field and in the office.\"AltaLink announces 2018 year end resultsAltaLink continues to invest in transmission facilities to ensure the reliability of the electricity grid. During 2018, AltaLink invested $340.8 million in its transmission system.Today, AltaLink, L.P. announced comprehensive income of $292.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to $336.7 million for the same period in 2017. The decrease is primarily due to the impacts of the Alberta Utilities Commission's decision to disallow certain capital costs within our 2014-2015 Direct Assign Capital Deferral Account application combined with higher miscellaneous revenues and certain positive one-time revenues recorded in 2017, partially offset by the return on a higher regulatory capital investment. Revenue from operations for 2018 was $968.8 million compared to $973.1 million in 2017, a decrease of $4.3 million. The change is primarily due to the recovery of lower loss on the disposal of assets, disallowed returns as a result of capital costs disallowed as part of the 2014-2015 DACDA decision in 2018, and positive one-time revenues in 2017, partly offset by higher returns on continued investments in electricity transmission infrastructure and the related recovery of depreciation and salvage costs.As a partnership, AltaLink, L.P. reports its net income before income taxes; therefore its results are not directly comparable with net income reported by corporations that recognize income taxes in their financial statements.AltaLink's full financial results and management's discussion and analysis can be found on AltaLink's website at www.altalink.ca or on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.Headquartered in Calgary, with offices in Edmonton, Red Deer and Lethbridge, AltaLink is Alberta's largest electricity transmission provider. AltaLink is partnering with its customers to provide innovative solutions to meet the province's demand for reliable and affordable energy. A wholly-owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Energy, AltaLink is part of a global group of companies delivering energy services to customers worldwide.Significant 2018 highlightsDuring the 12 months ended December 31, 2018:This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy AltaLink's securities in any jurisdiction, including but not limited to, the United States. AltaLink's securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the \"U.S. Securities Act\"), or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.Except for the historical and present factual information contained herein, the matters set forth in this news release, including words such as \"expects\", \"intends\", \"projects\", \"plans\", \"anticipates\" and similar expressions, are forward looking information that represents management of AltaLink's Internal projections, expectations or beliefs concerning, among other things, future operating results and various components thereof or the economic performance of AltaLink. The projections, estimates and beliefs contained in such forward looking statements necessarily involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause AltaLink's actual performance and financial results in future periods to differ materially from any projections of future performance or results expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, those described in AltaLink's filings with the Canadian securities authorities. Accordingly, holders of AltaLink securities and potential investors are cautioned that events or circumstances could cause results to differ materially from those predicted. AltaLink disclaims any responsibility to update these forward looking statements.For more information please contact:(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "AltaLink delivers strong customer satisfaction results in 2018"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/how-professionals-with-adhd-make-their-jobs-and-life-work-for-them-2019-03-13": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 12:27 p.m. ET", "article": "Cat Jones didn\u2019t realize she had attention-deficit, hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) until around 2012 while working at an insurance company, where she says her production levels for processing claims were \u201cunacceptably low.\u201d Her doctor suggested she try Adderall, one of the most common medications prescribed to treat ADHD.\u201cOnce I tried it, it just kind of changed everything,\u201d Jones, 30, of Lawrence, Kansas, told MarketWatch.During a subsequent job at a small grassroots nonprofit, where Jones oversaw financial matters, donor outreach and several other responsibilities, things took a turn for the worse. \u201cThis position required me to do so many tasks at once that the Adderall actually seemed to become a hindrance; I had other work, though, that required the kind of focus I needed Adderall for,\u201d Jones said.\u201cMy work, medication, and overall health became so hard to juggle that I knew I had to step down before I made a major mistake that would hurt the company,\u201d she said.Jones, now working a temp job in finance, spends her evenings working to create a new nonprofit organization for LGBT youth in her community. \u201cI\u2019m definitely channeling my energy into it, which I think is helping with the ADHD,\u201d she said. \u201cI didn\u2019t start it with the idea of, \u2018Hey, this is going to help me cope\u2019 \u2014 but it ended up being helpful.\u201dJones is among the 4.4% of U.S. adults who have ADHD, which drew renewed attention last month thanks to journalist Yashar Ali\u2019s viral Twitter TWTR, +0.24%  thread combating misconceptions and trivializations of the neurodevelopmental disorder. ADHD, which is marked by inattention and/or hyperactivity\u2013impulsivity, is often comorbid with mood and anxiety disorders.\u201cBecause many people think those with ADHD all have similar symptoms and challenges, we don\u2019t often get the empathy and support we need,\u201d tweeted Ali, who says he was diagnosed at age 13. \u201cADHD is something we live with every day, hour, minute. It can ravage our lives and you may not even be aware of it.\u201dSymptoms begin during childhood \u2014 the prevalence of kids diagnosed with ADHD rose from 7.8% in 2003 to 11% in 2011 \u2014 and can persist into adulthood. While boys exhibit a higher prevalence, girls may present different symptoms and remain underdiagnosed.To be sure, a years-long debate has raged over whether children are being over-prescribed ADHD drugs. And the number of calls to poison-control centers in the U.S. regarding intentional or unintentional ADHD medication exposure among people aged 19 and under increased overall by more than 60% between 2000 and 2014, according to a 2018 study in the peer-reviewed journal Pediatrics.Russell Barkley, a clinical professor of psychiatry at the Virginia Commonwealth University Medical Center, calls ADHD a disorder of \u201cexecutive functions\u201d like working memory and self-motivation. Many people with ADHD also struggle with time management, emotional self-regulation and self-restraint, he said.\u201cPeople think it\u2019s just an attention disorder, and it\u2019s a lot worse than that,\u201d Barkley told MarketWatch. \u201cIt\u2019s not taken as seriously as it should be, because I think the name implies a rather trivial impairment when there\u2019s much, much more going on.\u201dConsider, for example, 2013 research that found young adults diagnosed with ADHD are much less likely to enroll in a four-year institution after high school, and 11 times more likely to be unemployed and not in school. The group with ADHD was also more likely to have ever been fired, more likely to have ever been laid off, and more likely to have ever quit a job due to dislike relative to a comparison group.\u201cThey\u2019re more likely to have a much more checkered work history with more frequent job changes,\u201d Barkley said. \u201cWhen you\u2019re just starting out in your career, it\u2019s not too bad.\u201d However, it can affect your promotional opportunities, he said.Meanwhile, \u201cchildhood ADHD reduces adult employment by approximately 10 percentage points, reduces earnings by 33% and increases social assistance receipt by 15 percentage points,\u201d according to a separate 2013 National Bureau of Economic Research working paper.Jalpa Doshi, the lead author of a 2012 study analyzing the economic impact of ADHD and a professor of medicine at the University of Pennsylvania\u2019s Perelman School of Medicine, suggested to MarketWatch that \u201cearly identification and early management and support systems for ADHD would be key.\u201dThose could perhaps help \u201cavoid the consequences later on in terms of either being unemployed,\u201d she said, \u201cor being employed but having lower wages, or being less productive at work either through absenteeism or presenteeism.\u201dAdults with ADHD also report more difficulty with personal-finance issues like managing and saving money, missing loan payments, impulse buying, having utilities terminated over nonpayment, and having a poor credit rating, according to Barkley.But, as Ali pointed out in his Twitter thread, people\u2019s experiences with ADHD aren\u2019t homogeneous \u2014 nor are their strategies for managing it or even their general attitude toward the disorder. ADHD coach Erik Anderson, a longtime disability advocate from St. Louis, Mo., who has both ADHD and cerebral palsy, struggles with his working memory, being on time and \u201crumination and negative stories,\u201d he told MarketWatch.\u201cThe human brain tends toward negativity anyway, but with ADD-ers, that\u2019s kind of amplified,\u201d he said. \u201cSo we tend to tell ourselves bad stories, and catastrophize, and minimize our accomplishments.\u201dAnderson, a 56-year-old project leader with the Attention Deficit Disorder Association\u2019s workplace committee who was informally diagnosed around 2002, is now considering getting a diagnosis as he grows more open to the idea of taking medication. But he currently benefits from using a reliable calendar system, setting alarms, allowing for transition time between activities and wearing an Apple Watch AAPL, +1.04%  that dispenses haptic-feedback reminders.He uses an array of small things that cumulatively help keep him centered, he said. \u201cIt\u2019s having multiple systems, redundant systems, and reminders in a language that works for me,\u201d he said. He also points to the power of a quiet \u201cfidget\u201d \u2014 like a deck of cards to shuffle \u2014 to keep his fingers busy and his attention focused on a meeting or presentation.\u201cThe struggle is invisible very often, but the struggle is real \u2014 when people see me walk across the room, they can tell I have a physical disability. They never see my ADHD,\u201d he added. \u201cSo they don\u2019t see all of the work I need to do to make sure that I am my best me.\u201dChicago-based public-relations professional Katy Hoeper, 24, got her diagnosis during her sophomore year of college. If she doesn\u2019t take her medication \u2014 currently 15 milligrams of Adderall XR \u2014 she finds it difficult to keep her train of thought for extended periods of time.\u201cMy mind feels like it\u2019s moving much faster than my mouth is moving, so I have to be very conscious of what I\u2019m saying and whether or not it\u2019s matching with what I\u2019m thinking,\u201d she told MarketWatch. \u201cI feel like my mind is so constantly thinking of things and jumping from topic to topic to topic.\u201dHoeper, who says she is \u201cextremely open\u201d with others about her ADHD, sighed while recalling some people\u2019s reactions in college to her taking medication (at the time, Vyvanse). \u201cI feel like people would attribute things that I\u2019ve achieved to taking medicine \u2014 and not even in a cruel way, just like, \u2018Ah, man, you\u2019re so lucky; I wish I had some Adderall for my final next week,\u2019\u201d she said. \u201cWhen I take my medicine, sometimes I really do feel like it does enhance my work \u2014 but at the same time, I feel like it\u2019s almost leveling out the playing field.\u201dMany people with ADHD tend to do well in fields like the performing arts, photography or videography, athletics, emergency medicine, law enforcement and the military, according to Barkley. It can help if a job involves movement, allows for teamwork rather than solo work, and provides a regular change of scenery, he added.Adderall does, however, come with side effects, including tremors, palpitations and anxiety.Michael Liner, the 33-year-old founder of a disability-law practice in Cleveland, says he deliberately pursued a career in which he could connect with clients, break up work into hour-long chunks and not be stuck behind a desk most of the day. \u201cI struggle to focus for long periods of time. I\u2019m constantly jumping from different activities to different activities,\u201d he said. \u201cBut I\u2019ve basically been able to build my business around those realities.\u201dAnd Hoeper loves her PR job because, she says, every single day is totally different. \u201cI think I chose the route that I did because the day-to-day is always different and it\u2019s not boring,\u201d she said. \u201cThat comes from probably either my ADHD, or just in general my personality \u2014 I don\u2019t really know how to decouple the two.\u201dBarkley, who attributes his twin brother\u2019s fatal car accident to ADHD and its effect on his driving habits, warns against framing ADHD as a \u201cgift.\u201d But Anderson, who is familiar with Barkley\u2019s thinking, says he prefers a more positive mind set. \u201cIt is every bit as serious as Barkley says, but I don\u2019t subscribe to quite how dark his slant seems to be,\u201d he said. \u201cI find ADHD eminently fascinating and incredible in its possibility.\u201d\u201cI\u2019m not always so on board with the idea of taking medicine to address some \u2018problem\u2019 that I have, because this is the way that my brain is wired,\u201d Hoeper added. \u201cI feel like there are positives for me having ADHD. I think that I can make connections between pretty obscure topics, or I can throw something back to a book that I\u2019ve read. I feel like I can make connections in my mind a lot faster and more creatively than maybe people who don\u2019t have ADHD.\u201dSome research does link ADHD to creativity. One 2018 study, for example, suggested that \u201cADHD may be advantageous for certain types of creative thinking; speci\ufb01cally, divergent, unconstrained creative cognition.\u201dIf you think you have undiagnosed ADHD, or you haven\u2019t disclosed your ADHD at work, here\u2019s what to do:Own your disorder. Accept it, acknowledge it and come to terms with it, Barkley said. \u201cIf you don\u2019t do that, then you won\u2019t treat it,\u201d he said. \u201cYou won\u2019t engage in the routine daily management of your condition to prevent all of these secondary harms that are preventable.\u201d Get evaluated by a professional, he said, and educate yourself through sites like CHADD.org and ADD.org.Be smart about disclosing at work. \u201cSome employers are very disability-accommodating and will work with you and provide reasonable accommodations; others will begin to document your deficiencies and use those as grievances to fire you,\u201d Barkley said. \u201cYou really need to be careful about disclosing ADHD until you have a sense of, \u2018How does this workplace accommodate and welcome neuro-diverse people?\u2019\u201dTry to first orchestrate some accommodations yourself, the national ADHD advocacy organization CHADD recommends \u2014 setting up electronic reminders for appointments, for example, or working later or earlier to dodge distractions. The group also advises phrasing requests to a boss in a positive way (\u201cI work best when I\u2026\u201d) instead of directly mentioning the ADHD.Figure out if you\u2019re eligible for reasonable accommodations under the Americans with Disabilities Act. (Not everyone with ADHD needs workplace accommodations, but if you do, a diagnosis won\u2019t automatically qualify you.) The ADA says a person has a disability \u201cif he/she has a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activities, a record of such an impairment, or is regarded as having an impairment.\u201dFocus on your strengths. \u201cI am the creative mind in the office \u2026 and the people that I surround myself with are the people who make sure that the calendars run effectively and make sure that my desk is organized,\u201d Liner said. \u201cDon\u2019t focus on your weaknesses. Instead, embrace your strengths and surround yourself with people who complement you.\u201dGet a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "How professionals with ADHD make their jobs (and life) work for them"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/sp-500-pulls-in-to-the-breakout-point-2817-ahead-of-the-fed-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 11:36 a.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks are slightly lower early Wednesday, pressured amid a wait-and-see approach to Federal Reserve\u2019s policy statement, due out this afternoon.Against this backdrop, the S&P 500 has pulled in to its first retest of the breakout point (2,817). Wednesday\u2019s early session low (2,819) has registered nominally above support, and the session close may add color.Before detailing the U.S. markets\u2019 wider view, the S&P 500\u2019s", "title": "S&P 500 pulls in to the breakout point (2,817) ahead of the Fed"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-unveils-apple-tv-the-new-home-for-the-worlds-most-creative-storytellers-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 2:40 p.m. ET", "article": "Apple\u00ae today announced Apple TV+, the new home for the world\u2019s most creative storytellers featuring exclusive original shows, movies and documentaries, coming this fall. Apple TV+, Apple\u2019s original video subscription service, will feature a brand new slate of programming from the world\u2019s most celebrated creative artists, including Oprah Winfrey, Steven Spielberg, Jennifer Aniston, Reese Witherspoon, Octavia Spencer, J.J. Abrams, Jason Momoa, M. Night Shyamalan, Jon M. Chu and more. On the Apple TV\u00ae app, subscribers will enjoy inspiring and authentic stories with emotional depth and compelling characters from all walks of life, ad-free and on demand.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005731/en/\u201cWe\u2019re honored that the absolute best lineup of storytellers in the world \u2014 both in front of and behind the camera \u2014 are coming to Apple TV+,\u201d said Eddy Cue, Apple\u2019s senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. \u201cWe\u2019re thrilled to give viewers a sneak peek of Apple TV+ and cannot wait for them to tune in starting this fall. Apple TV+ will be home to some of the highest quality original storytelling that TV and movie lovers have seen yet.\u201dAdditionally, Apple debuted the all-new Apple TV app and Apple TV channels coming in May 2019. The all-new Apple TV app brings together the different ways to discover and watch shows, movies, sports, news and more in one app across iPhone\u00ae, iPad\u00ae, Apple TV, Mac\u00ae, smart TVs and streaming devices. Users can subscribe to and watch new Apple TV channels \u2014 paying for only services they want, like HBO, SHOWTIME and Starz \u2014 all on demand, available on and offline, with incredible picture quality and sound; enjoy sports, news and network TV from cable and satellite providers as well as purchase or rent iTunes\u00ae movies and TV shows all within the new, personalized Apple TV app.Beginning in May, customers can subscribe to Apple TV channels \u00e0 la carte and watch them in the Apple TV app, with no additional apps, accounts or passwords required. Apple TV channels include popular services such as HBO, Starz, SHOWTIME, CBS All Access, Smithsonian Channel, EPIX, Tastemade, Noggin and new services like MTV Hits, with more to be added over time around the world.The new Apple TV app personalizes what viewers love to watch across their existing apps and services while developing a secure and comprehensive understanding of users' viewing interests. The app will offer suggestions for shows and movies from over 150 streaming apps, including Amazon Prime and Hulu, as well as pay-TV services such as Canal+, Charter Spectrum, DIRECTV NOW and PlayStation Vue. Optimum and Suddenlink from Altice will be added later this year. [1]Additionally, the Apple TV app will become the new home to the hundreds of thousands of movies and TV shows currently available for purchase or rent in the iTunes Store\u00ae.AvailabilityApple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple\u2019s four software platforms \u2014 iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS \u2014 provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple\u2019s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.[1] Network and streaming app availability may vary by country.NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple Newsroom (www.apple.com/newsroom), or call Apple\u2019s Media Helpline at (408) 974-2042.\u00a9 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Apple TV, iPhone, iPad, Mac, iTunes, iTunes Store and AirPlay are trademarks of Apple Inc. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005731/en/SOURCE: Apple Inc.Apple\nChristine Monaghan, (408) 974-8850\ncmonaghan@apple.com\nRita Cooper Lee, (424) 326-4515\nrcooperlee@apple.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Apple Unveils Apple TV+, The New Home for the World\u2019s Most Creative Storytellers"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/berkshire-hathaway-guard-adding-commercial-package-coverage-2019-02-26": {"date": "Feb 26, 2019 10:48 a.m. ET", "article": "WILKES-BARRE, Pa., Feb. 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance Companies is adding a Commercial Package product that will include coverages for Property, General Liability, Umbrella, and Employment-Related Practices Liability Insurance (EPLI).  According to GUARD CEO Sy Foguel, \"An early April Pennsylvania launch is anticipated with other states to follow.  Our goal is to become a 'One Stop Shop' for our agents and their insureds, so we continue to expand our portfolio to supply our network of independent agents with quality products that enable them to grow.\"Executive Vice President Lyle Hitt explains that this new package product has been designed to complement the company's current Businessowner's Policy by \"addressing the insurance needs of larger, more complex operations or businesses with multiple exposures.\"  Hitt also notes that \"our initial target markets include light-to-medium manufacturing, wholesalers and distributors, truck stops/travel plazas, resorts, and country clubs, and we will eventually expand into new markets.\" According to Vice President of Commercial Package Ellen Hauser, \"GUARD's coverages are unique and built with a wide range of add-ons and industry-specific endorsements.  We take a customized approach to expanding the limits and scope of traditional property and casualty insurance.\"GUARD's Assistant Vice President of Marketing Elizabeth Hartman says, \"We can provide a great service to agents. Our product is competitively priced with discounts available when two or more lines are purchased as well as additional discounts based on unique business characteristics.\"Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance Companies Commercial Package will include: Commercial Property coverage with built-in equipment breakdown, Inland marine, and Crime coverage; General Liability with base limits of $1 million to $6 million with even higher limits considered; Employment-Related Practices Liability Insurance (EPLI); and Commercial Umbrella for added protection. In October of 2012, GUARD was acquired by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. \u2013 an international holding company with diverse interests that include insurance and reinsurance.  In 2013, GUARD unveiled a new identity as Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance Companies. GUARD offers a national footprint with a growing list of insurance products, including: Workers' Compensation, property/liability via a Businessowner's Policy, Commercial Auto, Umbrella, Professional Liability, Disability, and Homeowners. Each of the organization's insurance companies  is rated A+ (\"Superior\") by A.M. Best \u2013 a leading source of independent rating information on the insurance industry.Agents interested in learning more should visit www.guard.com/apply.Contact:Elizabeth Hartman, AVP Marketing\n570-825-9900, extension 8904 or e-mail Elizabeth.Hartman@guard.comView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/berkshire-hathaway-guard-adding-commercial-package-coverage-300802326.htmlSOURCE Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance CompaniesCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Adding Commercial Package Coverage"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/mark-cuban-comes-to-the-defense-of-elon-musk-and-his-ongoing-public-belligerence-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 12:14 p.m. ET", "article": "Elon Musk\u2019s \u201congoing public belligerence\u201d toward the Securities and Exchange Commission could not only weigh on the stock but also ultimately result in his removal as the boss at Tesla, JPMorgan Chase said in a note on Monday.\u201cThe option market is embedding no volatility premium for upcoming legal events in the case of SEC v. Elon Musk,\u201d the strategists wrote in the note. \u201cSurprising given these fears previously caused a significant decline in Tesla TSLA, +1.42%  shares and a surge in volatility to multiyear highs.\u201dFellow billionaire Mark Cuban, who had his own run-in with the SEC years ago, stepped up to defend Musk on Twitter TWTR, +0.27%  in recent days.That\u2019s Cuban responding to a law professor, who clearly took exception with the way Musk has handled his dealings with the SEC.Musk, following his infamous \u201cfunding secured\u201d tweet about taking Tesla private, followed up last month with another about the company\u2019s production targets for 2019, which apparently violated the previous settlement between the two sides.Cuban\u2019s contention is that the onus should be on the SEC to be more transparent about the rules and more accessible to those needing clarity.Cuban posted a video of his interaction with the SEC from 2014:Bottom line, as Cuban sees it, is that \u201cif they really wanted to prevent fraud they would publish every guideline they use internally, with the obvious disclaimers. They would push for real laws to be passed so that real penalties could be put in place.\u201d Instead, he says, they \u201ccreate regulations via litigation.\u201dMeanwhile, FT Alphaville\u2019s Jamie Powell says it\u2019s not that difficult for a CEO of a $50-billion company to find answers to such questions.\u201cHow about Tesla\u2019s general counsel? Or just about any securities lawyer? Or, you know, he could just read the terms of his own settlement with the SEC?\u201d Powell wrote on Monday. \u201cSure securities regulators aren\u2019t perfect. No one is. But there\u2019s plenty of people out there to help if you\u2019ve got a question about what you can and can\u2019t do as the chief executive of a company.\u201dEither way, JPMorgan Chase sees trouble ahead.\u201cThe once impenetrable Tesla narrative appears to be eroding,\u201d the note read. \u201cTesla remains a story of vision, steered, for better or for worse, by Elon Musk.\u201d", "title": "Mark Cuban comes to the defense of Elon Musk and his \u2018ongoing public belligerence\u2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/visiongain-report-looks-at-opportunities-within-the-43bn-cyber-insurance-market-2019-02-27": {"date": "Feb 27, 2019 5:00 a.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, Feb. 27, 2019 /PRNewswire/ --Cyber Insurance Market Report 2019-2029Forecasts by Cover Type (Standalone, Packaged), by Company Size (SMEs and Large enterprises), by Service (Insurance, Claim Services, and Risk Consulting), by Type (Cyber Security Insurance, Cyber Liability Insurance, and Technology Errors and Omissions Insurance), and by Industry Vertical (BFSI, Healthcare & Life Science, IT & Services, Retail, and Others) Plus Leading Company Analysis and Regional and Leading National Market Analysis\u2022 Do you need definitive cyber insurance market data?\n\u2022 Succinct cyber insurance market analysis?\n\u2022 Technological insight?\n\u2022 Clear competitor analysis?\n\u2022 Actionable business recommendations?Read on to discover how this definitive report can transform your research and save you timeVisiongain is publishing this report on the $4.3billion Cyber Insurance market, which is expected to flourish in the next few years because of the increasing number of cyber attacks and also because government policies making cyber insurance mandatory are expected to feed through in the latter part of the decade driving growth to new heights. If you want to be part of this growing industry, then read on to discover how you can maximise your investment potential.Report highlights\u2022 147 quantitative tables, charts, and graphs\u2022 Analysis of key players in the Cyber insurance market\n\u2022 Allianz SE\n\u2022 American International Group, Inc.\n\u2022 Aon plc.\n\u2022 Berkshire Hathaway Inc.\n\u2022 Lloyds of London Ltd\n\u2022 Lockton Companies, Inc.\n\u2022 Munich Re\n\u2022 The Chubb Corporation\n\u2022 XL Group Ltd\n\u2022 Zurich Insurance Company Ltd.\n\u2022 Global Cyber Insurance market outlook and analysis from 2019-2029\u2022 Cyber Insurance Market Forecasts and Analysis by Cover Type from 2019-2029\n\u2022 Standalone Cover Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Packaged Cover Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 Cyber Insurance Market Forecasts and Analysis by Company Size from 2019-2019\n\u2022 Small and Medium Enterprises Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Large Enterprises Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 Cyber Insurance Market Forecasts and Analysis by Service from 2019-2019\n\u2022 Insurance Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Claim Services Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Risk Consulting Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 Cyber Insurance Market Projections, Analysis and Potential by Type from 2019-2029\n\u2022 Cyber Security Insurance Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Cyber Liability Insurance Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Technology Errors and Omissions Insurance Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 Cyber Insurance Market Projections, Analysis and Potential by Industry Vertical from 2019-2029\n\u2022 BFSI Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Healthcare & Life Science Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 IT & Services Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Retail Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Others Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 Regional and National Cyber Insurance Market forecasts from 2019-2029\n\u2022 North America Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 US Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Canada and Mexico Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 Europe Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 U.K. Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Germany Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 France Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Russia Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Rest of Europe Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 Asia-Pacific Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 China Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Japan Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 South Korea Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Singapore Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Australia Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Rest of Asia-Pacific Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 RoW Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 The Middle East and Africa Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 South America Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 Key questions answered\n\u2022 How is the Cyber insurance market evolving?\n\u2022 What is driving and restraining the market?\n\u2022 What are the market shares of each segment of the overall Cyber insurance market in 2019?\n\u2022 How will each Cyber insurance submarket segment grow over the forecast period and how much revenue will these submarkets account for in 2029?\n\u2022 How will the market shares for each Cyber insurance submarket develop from 2019 to 2029?\n\u2022 How will the market shares of the national markets change by 2029?\n\u2022 Who are the leading players?\u2022 Target Audience\n\u2022 Leading cyber insurance companies\n\u2022 Suppliers\n\u2022 Contractors\n\u2022 Technologists\n\u2022 R&D staff\n\u2022 Consultants\n\u2022 Analysts\n\u2022 CEO's\n\u2022 CIO's\n\u2022 COO's\n\u2022 Business development managers\n\u2022 Investors\n\u2022 Governments\n\u2022 Agencies\n\u2022 Industry organisations\n\u2022 BanksTo request a report overview of this report please contact Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongain.com or refer to our website: https://www.visiongain.com/report/cyber-insurance-market-report-2019-2029/Did you know that we also offer a report add-on service? Email sara.peerun@visiongain.com to discuss any customized research needs you may have.Ace American Insurance Company\nAiu Insurance Company\nAlleghany Insurance Holding Group\nAllianz Global Corporate & Specialty\nAllied World Assurance Group\nAlfaStrakhovanie\nAmerican International Group, Inc.\nAon Plc\nApple\nAssicurazioni Generali\nAxa Singapore\nAxa XL\nAxis Insurance Group\nBajaj Allianz\nBcs Insurance Group\nBeazley Plc\nBerkshire Hathaway\nBin Insurer Holding, Llc\nChina Life Insurance\nCisco Systems, Inc.\nCna Insurance Companies\nCorvus Insurance Holdings, Inc.\nCyence Inc.\nDynarisk\nEtiqa Insurance Pte. Ltd.\nFireeye Icici Lombard\nGreat American Insurance Company, Inc.\nHdfc Ergo General Insurance Company\nHdi Global Se\nHewlett-Packard Co.\nHiscox Group\nIngosstrakh\nJapan Post Holdings\nLegal & General Group\nLemonade Insurance Company\nLiberty Mutual Insurance\nLloyds\nLockton Companies, Inc.\nMarkel International Insurance Company Ltd.\nMunich Re Group\nOscar Technology\nPavey Group\nPIB - Sme Insurance\nPing An Insurance\nPivot Point Risk Analytics\nPolicygenius\nPowernet America Cyber Security\nPrudential Plc\nQbe Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd\nQuadmetrics, Inc.\nSafeshare\nSecurityscorecard\nSimplesurance Gmbh\nSompo Holdings, Inc.\nStarr International Company, Inc.\nSynerscope\nTata Aig\nThe Chubb Corporation\nThe Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.\nTokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.\nTokio Marine Holdings, Inc.\nTokio Marine Insurance Singapore\nTravelers Europe\nTravelers Insurance\nTrov Bitsight Technologies\nWaterfall Security\nWillis Towers Watson\nXl Group Ltd\nZeguro\nZurich Insurance Co. Ltd\n\nList of Other Organisations Mentioned in this Report\nCERT Australia\nFederal Trade Commission (FTC)\nRoyal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS)\nRussian Ministry of Defence\nThe Department for Business Innovation & Skills\nThe Government of Canada\nThe Society of Actuaries (U.S.)\nU.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)To see a report overview please e-mail Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongain.comView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/visiongain-report-looks-at-opportunities-within-the-4-3bn-cyber-insurance-market-300791037.htmlSOURCE VisiongainCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Visiongain Report Looks at Opportunities Within the $4.3bn Cyber Insurance Market"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/strategy-analytics-apples-tv-service-fails-to-impress-device-and-content-weaknesses-clearly-evident-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 6:31 a.m. ET", "article": "According to Strategy Analytics, while Apple TV\u2019s new app brings users access to iTunes, a slick new interface, easy sign-up to premium OTT channels, and improved recommendations, its primary benefit is extending the Apple ecosystem beyond the Apple TV, iPhone, and iPad. Despite this, Apple starts with a huge built-in disadvantage, with only 175 million addressable TVs compared to more than 900 million for Netflix.Apple also unveiled its SVOD service, Apple TV+ but like its Apple TV counterpart it too was far more hype than substance.About Strategy AnalyticsStrategy Analytics, Inc. provides the competitive edge with advisory services, consulting and actionable market intelligence for emerging technology, mobile and wireless, digital consumer and automotive electronics companies. With offices in North America, Europe and Asia, Strategy Analytics delivers insights for enterprise success. www.StrategyAnalytics.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190326005450/en/SOURCE: Strategy AnalyticsUS Contact:\nMichael Goodman, +1 617 614 0769, mgoodman@strategyanalytics.com European Contact:\nDavid Mercer, +44(0) 1908 423 610, dmercer@strategyanalytics.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Strategy Analytics: Apple's TV Service Fails to Impress; Device and Content Weaknesses Clearly Evident"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-the-sp-500-needs-to-hold-this-key-level-or-risk-plunging-10-2019-03-26-1210308": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "Our call of the day from Adam Kobeissi, founder and editor in chief of The Kobeissi Newsletter, says the S&P 500 may be wide open for a 7% to 10% fall after failing to hold a big technical support level. See full story.There were few surprises at Apple Inc.\u2019s Monday event focused on services and subscriptions, but several key questions remain. See full story.Consumer confidence fell sharply in March, adding to a recent up-and-down pattern that reflects greater worries about the U.S. economy. The consumer confidence index dropped to 124.1 from 131.4. See full story.Here\u2019s a quick guide to being a good neighbor to the new residents on your block. See full story.Companies benefit when their \u2018Modern Elders\u2019 and younger workers learn from each other, writes Chip Conley. See full story.Chatbots are talking people into being better with their finances. See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Midday Report newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Why the S&P 500 needs to hold this key level or risk plunging 10%"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/berkshire-hathaway-specialty-insurance-names-heads-of-marine-property-in-the-uk-and-ireland-2019-03-11": {"date": "Mar 11, 2019 5:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance (BHSI) announced today that it has appointed Pedro Mairos as Head of Marine, and Sean Mannion as Head of Property, for the UK and Ireland.\u201cWith Pedro and Sean leading our teams, we are bringing to market marine and property solutions built with deep local expertise, and grounded in stellar financial strength and claims service,\u201d said Chris Colahan, Head of UK and Europe, BHSI. \u201cOur new line of flexible marine products marks an important advance in providing broad, multi-line solutions for customers and brokers in the UK and Ireland.\u201dPedro comes to BHSI with nearly two decades working in marine insurance around the globe. He was most recently UK Deputy Chief Underwriting Officer and Head of Marine Cargo Underwriting, UK Branch, at AXA Corporate Solutions. He also held marine insurance roles at Axa in Paris, Hong Kong and Dubai.Sean takes the reins as Head of Property, UK and Ireland, with more than 35 years of industry experience. He was most recently Head of Property & Energy Lines, Commercial Insurance UK, at Zurich. Prior to that he was Senior Vice President and Global Property Executive at AIG UK. Sean is a Fellow of the Chartered Insurance Institute.Pedro and Sean are based in BHSI\u2019s office in London. For more information, contact Pedro.mairos@bhspecialty.com or +44 203 429 4935 or Sean.mannion@bhspecialty.com or +44 203 429 4943.In Europe, Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance operates as part of Berkshire Hathaway International Insurance Limited (BHIIL), an incorporated England and Wales limited liability company, Registration Number 3230337 and Registered Office at 8 Fenchurch Place, 4th Floor, London EC3M 4AJ, United Kingdom. BHIIL is an affiliate of Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Company (BHSIC) ( www.bhspecialty.com ), which provides commercial property, marine, casualty, healthcare professional liability, executive and professional lines, surety, travel, programs, medical stop loss and homeowners insurance. BHSIC and BHIIL are part of Berkshire Hathaway's National Indemnity group of insurance companies, which hold financial strength ratings of A++ from AM Best and AA+ from Standard & Poor's. Based in Boston, BHSIC has offices in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Houston, Indianapolis, Irvine, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, San Ramon, Seattle, Stevens Point, Auckland, Brisbane, Dubai, Dublin, Du\ufffd^sseldorf, Hong Kong, Kuala Lumpur, London, Macau, Melbourne, Munich, Perth, Singapore, Sydney and Toronto.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190311005137/en/SOURCE: Berkshire Hathaway Specialty InsuranceJoAnn Lee / +1 617-936-2937Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Names Heads of Marine & Property in the UK and Ireland"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/cushman-wakefield-announces-commencement-of-public-offering-by-selling-shareholders-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 6:19 a.m. ET", "article": "Cushman& Wakefield plc CWK, +0.28% (\u201cCushman & Wakefield\u201d) announced today the commencement of a public offering of 16,500,000 ordinary shares by certain shareholders, including affiliates of TPG Global, LLC and Ontario Teachers\u2019 Pension Plan. No ordinary shares are being sold by Cushman & Wakefield and Cushman & Wakefield will not receive any of the proceeds from the offering of shares by the selling shareholders. In addition, the selling shareholders expect to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 2,475,000 ordinary shares.Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC are serving as joint book-running managers and representatives of the underwriters for the offering. UBS Investment Bank, Citigroup, Barclays, BofA Merrill Lynch, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and William Blair & Company, L.L.C. will also serve as joint book-running managers for the offering. TPG Capital BD, LLC will serve as co-manager for the offering.The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus relating to the offering can be accessed for free through the SEC\u2019s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of the preliminary prospectus may be obtained from Morgan Stanley& Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: 1-866-803-9204, or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, telephone: (866) 471-2526 or email: prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com.A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the SEC, but has not yet become effective. These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or solicitation would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.Source: Cushman & WakefieldAbout Cushman& Wakefield plcCushman& Wakefield CWK, +0.28% is a leading global real estate services firm that delivers exceptional value for real estate occupiers and owners. Cushman& Wakefield is among the largest real estate services firms with approximately51,000employees inapproximately 400offices and70countries. In 2018, the firm had revenue of$8.2billionacross core services of property, facilities and project management, leasing, capital markets, valuation and other services.Forward-Looking StatementsAll statements in this press release other than historical facts are forward-looking statements, which rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events, including whether or not the offering will be consummated. Such statements are also subject to a number of uncertainties and factors outside Cushman& Wakefield\u2019s control. Such factors include, but are not limited to, uncertainty regarding and changes in global economic or market conditions and changes in government policies, laws, regulations and practices. Should any Cushman& Wakefield assumptions or these other uncertainties and factors materialize in ways that Cushman& Wakefield did not expect, actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this press release. While Cushman& Wakefield believes the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements are reasonable under current circumstances, recipients should bear in mind that such assumptions are inherently uncertain. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements or other information in this press release.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190318005337/en/SOURCE: Cushman & Wakefield plcInvestor Relations Contact\nBill Knightly\nInvestor Relations\n+1 312 338 7860\nIR@cushwake.comMedia Contact\nBrad Kreiger\nCorporate Communications\n+1 312 424 8010\nbrad.kreiger@cushwake.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Cushman& Wakefield Announces Commencement of Public Offering by Selling Shareholders"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bombardier-announces-expiration-of-early-tender-date-and-amendments-for-its-cash-tender-offers-for-up-to-us975000000-aggregate-purchase-price-of-its-6-senior-notes-due-2021-and-its-8750-senior-notes-due-2021-2019-03-14-81844412": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 8:44 a.m. ET", "article": "MONTR\u00c9AL, March 14, Mar 14, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- MONTR\u00c9AL, March 14, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Bombardier Inc. (\"Bombardier\" or the \"Corporation\") today announced certain matters with respect to its cash tender offers previously announced on February 28, 2019 ()Tender Offers\") to purchase for cash up to US$975,000,000 aggregate purchase price ()Aggregate Maximum Tender Consideration\") (including Early Tender Payment, if applicable) of Bombardier's 6\ufffd??% Senior Notes due 2021 (CUSIP No. 055320152 / ISIN No. XS0553201525 (144A) / CUSIP No. 055291594 / ISIN No. XS0552915943 (Reg. S)) (the \"6\ufffd?? Notes\" and the tender offer with respect to the 6\ufffd?? Notes the \"6\ufffd?? Notes Tender Offer\") and Bombardier's 8.750% Senior Notes due 2021 (CUSIP No. 097751BP5 / ISIN No. US097751BP56 (144A) / CUSIP No. C10602BB2 / ISIN No. USC10602BB24 (Reg. S)) (the \"8.750 Notes\", together with the 6\ufffd?? Notes, the \"Notes\", and the tender offer with respect to the 8.750 Notes the \"8.750 Notes Tender Offer\"), subject to the acceptance priority levels and the tender cap, as applicable, set forth in the Offer to Purchase (as defined below) containing the terms and conditions of such Tender Offers, subject to amendment as announced hereby. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Offer to Purchase dated February 28, 2019 (as amended hereby the \"Offer to Purchase\") with respect to the 6\ufffd?? Notes Tender Offer and the 8.750 Notes Tender Offer.As of the Early Tender date for each Tender Offer, EUR353,055,000 aggregate principal amount of the 6\ufffd?? Notes (45.26%) were validly tendered, and US$379,434,000 aggregate principal amount of the 8.750 Notes (27.10%) were validly tendered.The Tender Offers and the Offer to Purchase are hereby amended as follows:The Early Settlement Date and Final Settlement Date with respect to the 6\ufffd?? Notes will not be changed. For avoidance of doubt, any 6\ufffd?? Notes that have been validly tendered at or before the Early Tender Date, not validly withdrawn and accepted for purchase by the Corporation, subject to the Acceptance Priority Level, the Aggregate Maximum Tender Consideration and possible proration, will be settled on the Early Settlement Date in accordance with the terms of the 6\ufffd?? Notes Tender Offer as set forth in the Offer to Purchase. Bombardier expects such Early Settlement Date with respect to such 6\ufffd?? Notes to be March 15, 2019. Any 6\ufffd?? Notes that have been validly tendered after the Early Tender Date and accepted for purchase by the Corporation, subject to the Acceptance Priority Level, the Aggregate Maximum Tender Consideration and possible proration, will be settled on the Final Settlement Date in accordance with the terms of the 6\ufffd?? Notes Tender Offer as set forth in the Offer to Purchase. Bombardier expects such Final Settlement Date with respect to such 6\ufffd?? Notes to be March 29, 2019.For avoidance of doubt, the Withdrawal Deadline, the Expiration Date and the Final Settlement Date will not be changed.Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms and conditions with respect to the Tender Offers are as set forth in the Offer to Purchase, subject to the Corporation's right to further waive, amend or terminate any provisions of one or both Tender Offers, including, but not limited to, waiving or amending the 8.750 Tender Cap in the Corporation's sole discretion.The Tender Offers are not conditioned on any minimum amount of Notes being tendered. However, the obligation of the Corporation to accept for purchase, and to pay for, Notes validly tendered pursuant to the Tender Offers is subject to, and conditioned upon, the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions as set forth in the Offer to Purchase, in the sole discretion of the Corporation. One of those conditions is the completion of the offering of notes by Bombardier announced on February 28, 2019, on terms satisfactory to Bombardier, which condition has been satisfied. A portion of the proceeds of such offering (net of transaction fees and expenses) will be used to finance the Corporation's purchase of Notes pursuant to the Tender Offers.None of Bombardier, its subsidiaries or its affiliates, or their respective board of directors, officers or employees, the dealer managers, tender agent and information agent or the trustees for the Notes makes any recommendation that Holders tender or refrain from tendering all or any portion of the principal amount of their Notes, and no one has been authorized by Bombardier or any of them to make such a recommendation. Holders must make their own decision as to whether to tender their Notes, and, if so, the principal amount of Notes to tender.All of the Notes are held in book-entry form. If you hold Notes through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other intermediary or nominee, you must contact such broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other intermediary or nominee if you wish to tender Notes pursuant to the Tender Offers. You should check with such broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other intermediary or nominee to determine whether they will charge you a fee for tendering Notes on your behalf. You should also confirm with the broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other intermediary or nominee any deadlines by which you must provide your tender instructions, because the relevant deadline set by such nominee will be earlier than the deadlines set forth herein.Bombardier has retained Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC to serve as dealer managers, directly and through their respective affiliates, for the Tender Offers. Bombardier has retained Global Bondholder Services Corporation to act as the tender and information agent in respect of the Tender Offers.For additional information regarding the terms of the Tender Offers, please contact Citigroup Global Markets Inc. at (212) 723-6106 or toll free at (800) 558-3745 or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at (212) 834-3260 or toll free at (866) 834-4666. Copies of the Offer to Purchase may be obtained at the following http://www.gbsc-usa.com/Bombardier or by contacting Global Bondholder Services Corporation at (866) 470-4200 or by email at contact@gbsc-usa.com.This notice does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to purchase, or any solicitation of any offer to sell, the Notes or any other securities in the United States or any other country, nor shall it or any part of it, or the fact of its release, form the basis of, or be relied on or in connection with, any contract therefor. The Tender Offers are made only by and pursuant to the terms of the Offer to Purchase, as amended hereby, and the information in this notice is qualified by reference to the Offer to Purchase, subject to the express amendments contained herein. None of Corporation, the dealer managers or the information and tender agent make any recommendations as to whether Holders should tender their Notes pursuant to the Tender Offers.This announcement does not constitute an offer to buy or the solicitation of an offer to sell any securities in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. In those jurisdictions where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Tender Offers to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Tender Offers will be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.Certain statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. By their nature, forward\ufffd?'looking statements require us to make assumptions and are subject to important known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause our actual results in future periods to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. For additional information regarding these risks and uncertainties, and the assumptions underlying the forward\ufffd?'looking statements, please refer to the Offer to Purchase.For information(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Bombardier Announces Expiration of Early Tender Date and Amendments for its Cash Tender Offers for up to US$975,000,000 Aggregate Purchase Price of its 6\ufffd??% Senior Notes due 2021 and its 8.750% Senior Notes due 2021"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/doxo-launches-apple-pay-simplifying-bill-pay-to-over-45000-billers-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 8:00 a.m. ET", "article": "doxo, the innovative web and mobile bill payment service, todayannounced the launch of Apple Pay, bringing the convenience of paying bills with just a glance or a touch on iPhone, iPad and Mac to the $3.9 trillionbill pay market comprising 55% of annual household spending. Withdoxo, consumers already have the ability to pay all their bills with a single login, on anydevice,using their credit card, debit card, or bank account. With the addition of Apple Pay, doxoexpands upon its offering to provide an easy, secure and private way to pay any biller withthemost convenient payment options.\u201cMost of our users\u2019bill payments each month originate from their mobile devices, and half of those are using an iOSdevice. So, Apple Pay has been a highly requested feature for its convenience in simplifying and securing payments,\u201d said Steve Shivers, CEO ofdoxo. \u201cThis is just one of many steps we\u2019re taking on our mission to greatly simplify and reducethe hassle of bill pay for our millions of users, and thereby bring new benefits to the billers on doxo. Many billers,individually, struggle to keep up with the pace and breadth of payments options. Simply byjoining doxo\u2019s national payment network,billersbenefit from our continued expansion ofpayment choices, without having to manage the complexity, integrations and expensethemselves.\u201dUnlike traditional online bill payment options, millions of doxo users organize and stay on top ofall their bills with just a single login. Users never have to link away to different sites ormanagevarious credentials and accounts for each of their connected providers. And by paying withdoxo, every payment benefits fromdoxo\u2019s Private Payment Account Protection\u2122 [] that facilitatessecurepayments without requiring the user to disclose their personal pay account information to eachindividual biller.Security and privacyare at the core of Apple Pay, which naturally aligns with doxo'spriorities. When you use a credit or debit card with Apple Pay, the actual cardnumbersare never stored on the device, nor on Apple servers. Instead, a unique token is assigned,encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device and each transaction isauthorized with a one-time dynamic security code. Apple Payis easy toset upand paying is simple with Touch ID, or just double-click the side button and glance at your iPhone X or later to authenticate with Face ID. Users will continue receiving all of the rewards and benefits offered by theircredit and debit cards when they pay their bills with Apple Pay on doxo.About doxodoxo is a simple, secure all-in-one bill pay service that facilitates secure payment to any biller, with any payment method, on any device. doxo currently serves over 2.5 million users who make payments to over 45,000 local and national businesses, making doxo the largest bill pay directory in the nation. Billers on the network get paid directly, fast and free \u2014 and consumers have complete bill pay independence over when and how they pay their bills. doxo more than doubled its customer base in 2018 and is expanding its team to further accelerate growth and change the bill pay landscape to focus on the customer. doxo investors include MDV, Sigma Partners, and Bezos Expeditions. doxo is based in Seattle, WA.For more information about doxo, visit www.doxo.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190321005129/en/SOURCE: doxoJenny Davis via press@doxo.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "doxo Launches Apple Pay, Simplifying Bill Pay to over 45,000 Billers"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-2019-03-13": {"date": "Mar 13, 2019 2:50 p.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 13, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal Dutch Shell plc (the 'Company') RDS.A, -0.55% RDS.B, -0.61% announces that on 13 March 2019 it purchased the following number of \"A\" Shares for cancellation.Aggregated information on \"A\" shares purchased according to trading venues:These share purchases form part of the third tranche of the Company's existing share buy-back programme previously announced on July 26, 2018. The Company announced the third tranche of its share buyback programme on January 31, 2019.In respect of this programme, J.P. Morgan Securities plc will make trading decisions in relation to the Company's securities independently of the Company for a period from January 31, 2019 up to and including 29 April, 2019.Any such share purchases will be effected within certain pre-set parameters, and in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase shares, Chapter 12 of the Listing Rules and Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU dealing with buy-back programmes and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.In accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU, a full breakdown of the individual trades made by J.P. Morgan Securities plc on behalf of the Company as a part of the buy-back programme is detailed below.https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/835211/13032019_Shell_RNS_JPM.pdfEnquiries  \nShell Media Relations \nInternational, UK, European Press: +44 (0)207-934-5550  Shell Investor Relations \nEurope: +31-70-377-3996    \nUnited States: +1-832-337-2034LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70 \nClassification: Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-300811932.htmlSOURCE Royal Dutch Shell plcCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Royal Dutch Shell plc: Transaction in Own Shares"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/major-milestone-reached-in-creation-of-amazon-headquarters-at-national-landing-in-northern-virginia-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 9:01 a.m. ET", "article": "JBG SMITH (NYSE: JBGS), a leading owner and developer of high-quality, mixed-use properties in the Washington, DC market, is pleased to share the news that all government incentives and investment packages negotiated in conjunction with Amazon\u2019s decision to locate its second headquarters within JBG SMITH\u2019s National Landing assets in Northern Virginia have been approved.On Saturday, March 16, the five elected members of the Arlington County Board unanimously approved a performance agreement pertaining to Amazon\u2019s National Landing headquarters. The incentive agreement provides Amazon with up to $23 million over 15 years if it creates at least 25,000 jobs with an average salary of $150,000 annually and occupies 6 million square feet of office space in the County by 2035. The agreement contemplates that the performance-based incentives will be paid by allocating a portion of the increase in hotel tax revenues anticipated as a result of Amazon\u2019s National Landing headquarters.According to the Arlington Economic Development Commission, the County will realize a $14 return for every $1 that Amazon earns in performance-based incentives. The additional tax revenues generated by Amazon\u2019s National Landing headquarters will be used to invest in improvements to the County\u2019s schools, affordable housing, parks and transportation network.\u201cThe Arlington County Board\u2019s unanimous support for Amazon\u2019s HQ2 project represents a major milestone in the collective effort to establish National Landing as a global hub for innovation and technology,\u201d said JBG SMITH CEO, Matt Kelly. \u201cSaturday\u2019s vote is a clear reflection of the Northern Virginia community\u2019s strong embrace of a visionary project that will create tens of thousands of jobs, dramatically increase local tax revenues, and spur major new investments in the region\u2019s transportation, affordable housing, and educational infrastructure.\u201dIn late January of this year, the Virginia General Assembly overwhelmingly approved legislation to provide Amazon with up to $750 million in performance-related incentives and committed $250 million toward Virginia Tech\u2019s planned $1 billion Innovation Campus to be located in National Landing. Combined with Saturday\u2019s Arlington Board vote, approval has now been secured for all of the government\u2019s pledged support as part of a November 2018 Memorandum of Understanding with Amazon.In conjunction with its November 2018 agreements with the Commonwealth of Virginia and Arlington County, Amazon announced that it had selected JBG SMITH as its partner to house and develop a new headquarters location at National Landing. Amazon is expected to lease approximately 537,000 square feet of existing JBG SMITH office space, starting with 241 18th Street and 1800 South Bell this year, followed by 1770 Crystal Drive in 2020.Amazon is also expected to purchase JBG SMITH\u2019s Pen Place and Met 6, 7 and 8 development sites in Pentagon City on which JBG SMITH plans to develop 4.1 million square feet of modern office space for Amazon. JBG SMITH expects to serve as the developer, property manager and retail leasing agent for the project.National Landing is the newly defined interconnected and walkable neighborhood that encompasses Crystal City, the eastern portion of Pentagon City and the northern portion of Potomac Yard. Situated across the Potomac River from Washington, DC, National Landing is a best-located, urban community known for its adjacency to Reagan National Airport and walkable environment featuring offices, apartments and hotels. In National Landing, JBG SMITH owns 6.2 million square feet of existing office space, 2,850 units of existing multifamily space, and controls 7.4 million square feet of additional development opportunities, excluding Amazon\u2019s proposed land purchase.In addition to its work with Amazon at National Landing, JBG SMITH broke ground late last year on Central District Retail, an approximately 109,000 net rentable square feet entertainment and shopping destination that will serve as the retail heart of National Landing. JBG SMITH also expects to commence construction next year on 1900 Crystal Drive, which is expected to deliver two residential towers with shops and green spaces at the base. When completed, these two projects are expected to deliver over 750 apartments and almost 150,000 square feet of new street-level retail featuring an Alamo Drafthouse Cinema, specialty grocer, restaurants, bars, and other experiential offerings. Although the base case for the 1900 Crystal Drive development assumes multifamily construction, the project could switch to office in the event of a substantial or full building pre-lease.About JBG SMITHJBG SMITH is an S&P 400 company that owns, operates, invests in and develops assets concentrated in leading urban infill submarkets in and around Washington, DC. Our mixed-use operating portfolio comprises approximately 19 million square feet of high-quality office, multifamily and retail assets, 98% of which are Metro-served. With a focus on placemaking, JBG SMITH drives synergies across the portfolio and creates amenity-rich, walkable neighborhoods. JBG SMITH\u2019s future development pipeline includes over 19.0 million square feet of potential development density. For additional information on JBG SMITH please visit www.jbgsmith.com.Forward-Looking StatementsForward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained herein may constitute \u201cforward-looking statements\u201d as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. They represent our intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Consequently, the future results of JBG SMITH Properties (\u201cJBG SMITH\u201d or the \u201cCompany\u201d) may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. You can find many of these statements by looking for words such as \u201capproximate\u201d, \u201cbelieves\u201d, \u201cexpects\u201d, \u201canticipates\u201d, \u201cestimates\u201d, \u201cintends\u201d, \u201cplans\u201d, \u201cwould\u201d, \u201cmay\u201d or similar expressions in this press release. We also note the following forward-looking statements: expected key Amazon transaction terms, our development plans related to Amazon HQ2, our anticipated role as developer, asset manager and leasing agent in connection with Amazon HQ2, in the case of 3 our construction and near-term development assets, estimated square feet, estimated number of units, intended type of asset use and potential tenants and in the case of our future development assets, estimated potential development density; planned infrastructure improvements; and the economic impacts of Amazon\u2019s HQ at National Landing on the DC region, and National Landing. Many of the factors that will determine the outcome of these and our other forward-looking statements are beyond our ability to control or predict. These factors include, among others: adverse economic conditions in the Washington, DC metropolitan area, the timing of and costs associated with development and property improvements, financing commitments, and general competitive factors. For further discussion of factors that could materially affect the outcome of our forwardlooking statements and other risks and uncertainties, see \u201cRisk Factors\u201d and the Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and other periodic reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to our forward-looking statements after the date hereof.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190318005419/en/SOURCE: JBG SMITH\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@jbgsmithMedia\nBud Perrone\nRubenstein\nExecutive Vice President\n(212) 843-8068\nbperrone@rubenstein.com\nInvestor Relations\nJaime Marcus\nJBG SMITH\nSVP, Investor Relations\n(240) 333-3643\njmarcus@jbgsmith.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Major Milestone Reached in Creation of Amazon Headquarters at National Landing in Northern Virginia"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-introduces-apple-arcade-the-worlds-first-game-subscription-service-for-mobile-desktop-and-the-living-room-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 1:51 p.m. ET", "article": "Apple\u00ae today announced Apple Arcade\u2120, a game subscription service that will feature over 100 new and exclusive games, including original releases from renowned creators Hironobu Sakaguchi, Ken Wong, Will Wright and dozens more. Apple Arcade games will redefine games and be curated based on originality, quality, creativity, fun and their appeal to players of all ages. Apple Arcade will give customers the freedom to try any game from its handpicked collection of titles that are all-you-can-play, have no ads, ad tracking or additional purchases, and respect user privacy.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005683/en/The App Store\u00ae is the world\u2019s most successful and vibrant gaming platform with nearly 300,000 free and paid games. Free games, supported by advertising or in-app purchases, are enjoyed by hundreds of millions of players around the world. Paid games are often critically acclaimed and beloved by the people who play them, but competing with free is hard, so even the best of these games have only reached a smaller audience. With the simplicity of a single subscription, Apple Arcade will bring games like these to the App Store\u2019s more than 1 billion gaming customers. Apple Arcade is the perfect complement to the already enormously popular catalog of free games on the App Store, making iOS the premier gaming platform for players of all ages.Apple is not just handpicking the games in Apple Arcade, but also contributing to the development costs and working closely with creators to bring the games to life. Made by some of the most critically acclaimed game developers in the world, Apple Arcade games will entertain customers with incredibly fun gameplay and immersive stories, while capturing imaginations with original art and music. The service will feature games from Annapurna Interactive, Bossa Studios, Cartoon Network, Finji, Giant Squid, Klei Entertainment, Konami, LEGO, Mistwalker Corporation, SEGA, Snowman, ustwo games and dozens more.\u201cThe App Store is the world\u2019s biggest and most successful game platform. Now we are going to take games even further with Apple Arcade, the first game subscription service for mobile, desktop and the living room,\u201d said Phil Schiller, Apple\u2019s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. \u201cWe are working with some of the most innovative game developers in the world to create over 100 new and exclusive games to play across iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple TV. Apple Arcade games will be great for families, respect user privacy and will not have ads or require any additional purchases. We think players of all ages are going to love Apple Arcade.\u201dApple Arcade will introduce an innovative way to access a collection of brand new games that will not be available on any other mobile platform or in any other subscription service. Rather than pay up front for each game, a subscription to Apple Arcade will give players the opportunity to try any game in the service without risk. Since every game includes access to the full experience, including all game features, content and future updates, no additional purchases will be required. Every game will be playable offline, and many games will offer support for game controllers. Because subscribers can play Apple Arcade games across iPhone\u00ae, iPad\u00ae, Mac\u00ae and Apple TV\u00ae, they can pick up where they left off in a game, even if they switch devices. New games will be added to the service on a regular basis.Apple Arcade will launch in fall 2019 in more than 150 countries from a new tab on the App Store across iOS, macOS\u00ae and tvOS\u2122. Developers interested in being considered for Apple Arcade should visit developer.apple.com/apple-arcade.With the App Store, Apple ignited a worldwide app phenomenon that has revolutionized the way people work, connect, learn and play. The App Store drives the app economy and has earned $120 billion for developers worldwide. Today, the App Store is the world\u2019s safest and most vibrant app marketplace, with over half a billion people visiting each week. Privacy, security, quality and curation are fundamental to the App Store. Every app must meet and maintain Apple\u2019s strict guidelines to launch and remain on the App Store. For enhanced discoverability, experts create rich editorial content and curated collections of the best apps every day. The App Store is the single best place to explore the world of apps, and is available on iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch\u00ae, Apple TV and iMessage\u00ae.Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple\u2019s four software platforms \u2014 iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS \u2014 provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple\u2019s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple Newsroom (www.apple.com/newsroom), or call Apple\u2019s Media Helpline at (408) 974-2042.\u00a9 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Arcade, App Store, iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple TV, macOS, tvOS, Apple Watch and iMessage are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005683/en/SOURCE: Apple Inc.Apple\nTammy Levine, (408) 862-8600\ntammy_levine@apple.com\nStephanie Saffer, (408) 974-5160\nssaffer@apple.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Apple Introduces Apple Arcade \u2014 the World\u2019s First Game Subscription Service for Mobile, Desktop and the Living Room"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/rtw-retailwinds-inc-announces-2018-4th-quarter-and-full-year-results-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 4:00 p.m. ET", "article": "RTW Retailwinds, Inc. [NYSE:RTW], formerly known as New York & Company, Inc. [NYSE: NWY], an omni-channel specialty apparel retail platform for powerful celebrity and consumer brands, today announced results for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2018 representing the 13-weeks and 52-weeks ended February 2, 2019, respectively. This compares to the 14-week fourth quarter and 53-week full year of fiscal 2017, which ended February 3, 2018.Gregory Scott, RTW Retailwinds, Inc. CEO stated: \u201cWhile our fourth quarter results were in line with our updated guidance and the year included significant progress toward our goals, we were disappointed to see the momentum in our business soften in January.The challenges we experienced in the fourth quarter reflected declines in traffic and new customer acquisition as well as decreased product acceptance in our SoHo Jeans sub-brand. We are rebalancing are marketing media mix towards new customer acquisition, have made leadership changes in our digital organization, and are adjusting our go-forward assortments in SoHo Jeans to improve the overall trend.Despite this, 2018 was a highly productive year. In fact, financially the year saw increased comparable sales, expansion in gross margin, expense discipline, and inventory management resulting in a $2.5 million increase in adjusted operating income as compared to fiscal 2017. Strategically, the year included a significant milestone for our Company, as we changed our name to RTW Retailwinds.This transformation to RTW establishes a strong and distinct corporate identity reflectingour vision to maximize the power of our platform to create destination celebrity and lifestyle brand assortments across categories and channels.Throughout 2018, we delivered positive comp results in our celebrity collaborations, including our successful Eva Mendes and Gabrielle Union collections, as well as comp increases in our largest sub-brand, 7 [th] Avenue. We also introduced Kate Hudson as our SoHo Jeans sub-brand ambassador and look forward to improving results across our casual sub-brand.Finally, we are pleased to end the year with a strong balance sheet that gives us the flexibility to fund our growth initiatives and deliver positive cash flow.\u201d\u201cWe begin 2019 focused on the execution of our multi-brand portfolio vision and believe we have identified the right actions to address our traffic, customer acquisition, and digital opportunities,\u201d Mr. Scott continued.\u201cWe remain intensely focused on the future growth of our core New York & Company brand where our celebrity collaborations continue to drive brand awareness and a critical point of differentiation.We are executing against our strategic plan to grow our Fashion to Figure business.In addition, we are bringing to market two digitally native brands, including Happy x Nature, Kate Hudson\u2019s first ready-to-wear collection launching on April 4 [th] , and Uncommon Sense, our lingerie lifestyle brand which we believe is positioned to capture share given the disruption that is occurring in this market.While first quarter guidance reflects the expectation that the trends we saw in January continued, we are confident in our strategy and expect the execution of our initiatives to position us to achieve our goal of long-term sustained profitable growth.\u201dFourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Results (13-week period ended February 2, 2019 as compared to the 14-week period ended February 3, 2018):As it relates to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018, the Company noted the following:Please refer to the \u201cReconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures\u201d in Exhibit 5 of this press release, which delineates the non-operating adjustments for the 13 weeks ended February 2, 2019 and the 14 weeks ended February 3, 2018. GAAP is defined as Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States.Full Fiscal Year 2018 Results (52-week period ended February 2, 2019 as compared to the 53-week period ended February 3, 2018):Please refer to the \u201cReconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures\u201d in Exhibit 6 of this press release, which delineates the non-operating adjustments for the 52 weeks ended February 2, 2019 and the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2018.Other Financial and Operational Highlights:Outlook:Regarding expectations for fiscal year 2019, the Company continues to focus on growth and focus on improving its operating results to drive increases in both annual operating income and EBITDA.As has been widely reported, February\u2019s retail industry performance has been below expectations and the Company believes its results were impacted by factors that are temporary and macro-related which are negatively impacting traffic, further exacerbated by customer acquisition which the Company is addressing by rebalancing its marketing media mix towards new customer acquisition and leadership changes to the digital organization. For the Spring season, combined first and second quarter of fiscal year 2019, the Company expects comparable store sales to decrease in the low single-digit percentage range. The Company expects GAAP operating income to be in the range of breakeven to a profit of $2 million, with losses in the first quarter offset by profitability in the second quarter. These results are inclusive of approximately $2.5 million of new business startup losses for the combined new businesses during the full spring season.For the first quarter, the Company is expecting the following:Additional Outlook:Comparable Store Sales:A store is included in the comparable store sales calculation after it has completed 13 full fiscal months of operations from the store's opening date or once it has been reopened after remodeling if the gross square footage did not change by more than 20%. Sales from the Company's eCommerce store, including Fashion to Figure eCommerce sales, and private label credit card royalties and related revenue are included in comparable store sales. Fashion to Figure retail locations are not included in comparable store sales calculations until they complete 13 full fiscal months of operation. In addition, in a year with 53 weeks, sales in the last week of the year are not included in determining comparable store sales.Conference Call InformationA conference call to discuss fourth quarter results is scheduled for today, Thursday, March 21, 2019 at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Investors and analysts interested in participating in the call are invited to dial (877) 407-0784 and reference conference ID number 13688189 approximately ten minutes prior to the start of the call. The conference call will also be webcast live at www.nyandcompany.com. A replay of this call will be available at 7:30 p.m. Eastern Time on March 21, 2019 until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on March 28, 2019 and can be accessed by dialing (844) 512-2921 and entering conference ID number 13688189.As a supplement to this press release, slides with information regarding the fourth quarter results and outlook for Spring 2019 will also be available at: www.nyandcompany.com at approximately 4:20 p.m. Eastern Time on Thursday, March 21, 2019.About RTW RetailwindsRTW Retailwinds, Inc. (formerly known as New York & Company, Inc.) is a specialty women\u2019s omni-channel and digitally enabled retailer with a powerful multi-brand lifestyle platform providing curated lifestyle solutions that are versatile, on-trend, and stylish at a great value. The specialty retailer, first incorporated in 1918, has grown to now operate 411 retail and outlet locations in 34 states while also growing a substantial eCommerce business. The Company\u2019s portfolio includes branded merchandise from New York & Company, Fashion to Figure, and collaborations with Eva Mendes, Gabrielle Union and Kate Hudson. Its branded merchandise is sold exclusively at its retail and outlet locations and online at www.nyandcompany.com, www.fashiontofigure.com and www.nyandcompanycloset.com. Additionally, certain product, press releases and SEC filing information concerning the Company are available at the Company's website: www.nyandcompany.com.2019 Annual Meeting of StockholdersThe Company's 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Daylight Time, on June 11, 2019 at the Company's corporate headquarters, 330 West 34th Street, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10001.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements, including statements made within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of these statements can be identified by terms and phrases such as \u201cexpect,\u201d \u201canticipate,\u201d \u201cbelieve,\u201d \u201cintend,\u201d \u201cestimate,\u201d \u201ccontinue,\u201d \u201ccould,\u201d \u201cmay,\u201d \u201cplan,\u201d \u201cproject,\u201d \u201cpredict,\u201d and similar expressions and references to assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable and relate to its future prospects, developments and business strategies. Such statements, including information under \u201cOutlook\u201d and \u201cAdditional Outlook\u201d above, are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These include, but are not limited to: (i) the Company\u2019s dependence on mall traffic for its sales and the continued reduction in the volume of mall traffic; (ii) the Company\u2019s ability to anticipate and respond to fashion trends; (iii) the impact of general economic conditions and their effect on consumer confidence and spending patterns; (iv) changes in the cost of raw materials, distribution services or labor; (v) the potential for economic conditions to negatively impact the Company's merchandise vendors and their ability to deliver products; (vi) the Company\u2019s ability to open and operate stores successfully; (vii) seasonal fluctuations in the Company\u2019s business; (viii) competition in the Company\u2019s market, including promotional and pricing competition; (ix) the Company\u2019s ability to retain, recruit and train key personnel; (x) the Company\u2019s reliance on third parties to manage some aspects of its business; (xi) the Company\u2019s reliance on foreign sources of production; (xii) the Company\u2019s ability to protect its trademarks and other intellectual property rights; (xiii) the Company\u2019s ability to maintain, and its reliance on, its information technology infrastructure; (xiv) the effects of government regulation; (xv) the control of the Company by its largest shareholder and any potential change of ownership of the Company including the shares held by its largest shareholder; and (xvi) other risks and uncertainties as described in the Company\u2019s documents filed with the SEC, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise the forward-looking statements included in this press release to reflect any future events or circumstances.* Derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company\u2019s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2018.Exhibit (5)RTW Retailwinds, Inc. and Subsidiaries\nReconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures\n(Unaudited)A reconciliation of the Company\u2019s GAAP to non-GAAP financial statement information for the 13 weeks ended February 2, 2019 and the 14 weeks ended February 3, 2018 is indicated below. This information reflects, on a non-GAAP basis, the Company\u2019s adjusted operating results after excluding certain non-operating adjustments. This non-GAAP financial information is provided to enhance the user\u2019s overall understanding of the Company\u2019s current financial performance. Specifically, the Company believes the non-GAAP adjusted results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding expenses and credits that the Company believes are not indicative of the Company\u2019s continuing operating results. The non-GAAP financial information should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or as being superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.Exhibit (6)RTW Retailwinds, Inc. and Subsidiaries\nReconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures\n(Unaudited)A reconciliation of the Company\u2019s GAAP to non-GAAP financial statement information for the 52 weeks ended February 2, 2019 and the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2018 is indicated below. This information reflects, on a non-GAAP basis, the Company\u2019s adjusted operating results after excluding certain non-operating adjustments. This non-GAAP financial information is provided to enhance the user\u2019s overall understanding of the Company\u2019s current financial performance. Specifically, the Company believes the non-GAAP adjusted results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding expenses and credits that the Company believes are not indicative of the Company\u2019s continuing operating results. The non-GAAP financial information should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or as being superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.Exhibit (7)RTW Retailwinds, Inc. and Subsidiaries\nReconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA\n(Unaudited)A reconciliation of the Company\u2019s GAAP net income (loss) to adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, is indicated below. This information reflects, on a non-GAAP basis, the Company\u2019s adjusted EBITDA after excluding certain non-operating adjustments. This non-GAAP financial information is provided to enhance the user\u2019s overall understanding of the Company\u2019s current financial performance. Specifically, the Company believes adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain non-cash charges, as well as expenses that the Company believes are not indicative of the Company\u2019s continuing operating results. The non-GAAP financial information should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or as being superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAPView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190321005739/en/SOURCE: RTW Retailwinds, Inc.Investors:\nICR, Inc.\n(203) 682-8200\nAllison MalkinCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "RTW Retailwinds, Inc. Announces 2018 4th Quarter and Full Year Results"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/visiongain-report-researches-growth-opportunities-within-the-892-billion-antimicrobial-packaging-market-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 6:00 a.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 15, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- The latest report from Visiongain offers comprehensive analysis of the global Antimicrobial Packaging market. Visiongain assesses that this market will generate revenues of $8.92bn in 2019.Now: In 2015, Mondi PLC agreed to acquire an extrusion coating facility from Walki Group located in Finland and Poland for EUR60 million. The company is offering its antimicrobial packaging material under the same business segment.How this report will benefit youRead on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. Visiongain's new study tells you and tells you NOW.In this brand new report, you find 61 in-depth tables,81 charts and graphs. The 140-page report provides clear, detailed insight into the global Antimicrobial Packaging market. Discover the key drivers and challenges affecting the market.By ordering and reading our brand new report today, you stay better informed and ready to act.Report Scope\u2022 Global Antimicrobial Packaging Market forecasts and analysis from 2019-2029 illustrate the market progression\u2022 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Application submarkets forecasts from 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Food 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Beverage 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Healthcare 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Others 2019-2029\u2022 Regional and national Antimicrobial Packaging Market forecasts from 2019-2029 \u2022 North America Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 US Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Canada Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Mexico Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 Europe Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Germany Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 France Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 UK Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Italy Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Rest of Europe Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 Asia Pacific Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Japan Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 China Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 India Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Singapore Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Rest of APAC Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 Rest of the World Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 South America Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Middle East Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Africa Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 What type of Antimicrobial Packaging submarkets will grow from 2019-2029?\n\u2013 Pouches Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Cartons Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Trays Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Bags Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Cups & Lids Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2013 Others Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast 2019-2029\u2022 Antimicrobial Packaging Market by Base Material submarkets forecasts from 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Plastics 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Paperboard 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Biopolymers 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Others 2019-2029\u2022 Antimicrobial Packaging Market by Agents submarkets forecasts from 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Organic Acids 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Bacteriocin 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Enzymes 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Essential Oils 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Metal ions & Oxidizers 2019-2029\n\u2013 Antimicrobial Packaging Market Forecast for Others 2019-2029\u2022 Profiles of the leading 11 Antimicrobial Packaging companies\n\u2013 Addmaster\n\u2013 BASF SE\n\u2013 Biocote\n\u2013 Dow Chemical\n\u2013 Dunmore\n\u2013 Linpac\n\u2013 Microban\n\u2013 Mondi PLC\n\u2013 PolyOne Corp\n\u2013 Takex\n\u2013 UflexHow will you benefit from this report?\n\u2022 Keep your knowledge base up to speed. Don't get left behind\n\u2022 Reinforce your strategic decision-making with definitive and reliable market data\n\u2022 Learn how to exploit new technological trends\n\u2022 Realise your company's full potential within the market\n\u2022 Understand the competitive landscape and identify potential new business opportunities & partnershipsWho should read this report?\n\u2022 Anyone in the Smart & Intelligent packaging Value chain\n\u2022 Business development managers\n\u2022 Marketing managers\n\u2022 Technologists\n\u2022 Suppliers\n\u2022 Investors\n\u2022 Banks\n\u2022 Government agencies\n\u2022 ContractorsVisiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the Antimicrobial Packaging market and leading companies. You find data, trends and predictions.Buy our report today Antimicrobial Packaging Market Report 2019-2029. Avoid missing out by staying informed \u2013 get our report now.To request a report overview of this report please contact Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongain.com or refer to our website: https://www.visiongain.com/report/antimicrobial-packaging-market-report-2019-2029/Did you know that we also offer a report add-on service? Email sara.peerun@visiongain.com to discuss any customized research needs you may have.Addmaster (UK) Ltd\nAggelakis S.A.\nAlimentos Sanygran S.L.\nAll American Foods Inc\nAlpiPan S.r.l.\nAlterial Les Recettes de Celiane\nAlternis S\u00e0rl\nAmco Proteins\nAmcor Ltd.\nAmy's Kitchen\nAndean Dream, LLC\nAndros Group\nAnnie's Homegrown, Inc.\nAttune Foods, Llc\nAxiom Foods, Inc\nBalviten Sp.z.o.o\nBaracel Ltd\nBASF SE\nBioalimenta SRL\nBiocote Corporation\nBioferme oy\nBiogran\nBiomaster\nBiotrap\nBiovegan GmbH\nBob's Red Mill Natural Foods\nBolthouse Farms Inc\nBonvita B.V.\nBo-Shin Flavors & Food Ingredients Ins\nBotaniex, Inc.\nBravo Europe\nBunge Ltd\nC. Hahne Muhlenwerke GmbH\nCargill Inc\nChangsha Gree Biotechnology Co. Ltd.\nChr. Hansen\nCovestro\nDamhert Nutrition nv\nDanone SA\nDe Halm\nDean Foods\nDenomega Nutritional Oils AS\nDevondale Murray Goulburn\nDomretor\nDow Chemical\nDunmore Corporation\nEdward & Sons Trading Company, Inc.\nEner-G Foods, Inc.\nEssentia Protein Solutions\nEverest Packaging\nFacundo Blanco S.A.\nFitplein.nl B.V.\nFonterra Co-Operative Group\nFreeda Vitamins, Inc.\nFrutarom Industries Ltd\nFrutels LLC\nGelita AG\nGeneferm Biotechnology\nGeneral Mills\nGenius Foods Ltd\nGilro LTD\nGlanbia\nGlaxoSmithKline plc\nGliSODin Skin Nutrients\nGluten Evolution, LLC\nGlutenfreeda Foods, Inc\nGrande Cheese Company\nGreen Island International TCM Group Ltd\nGroupe Lactalis\nGrupo Omnilife SA de CV\nHanmi Natural Nutrition Co., Ltd\nHarke Group\nHealthy Beverage LLC\nHealthy Foods Supplies LTD\nHerbalife Ltd.\nHIFOOD Spa\nHilmar Cheese Company, Inc.\nInsect Biotech\nIREKS GmbH\nJentschura International GmbH\nKellogg Co\nKerry Group\nKettle Cuisine, Llc.\nKiantama Oy\nKIND Holdings Ltd\nKinnikinnick Foods, Inc.\nKirin Holdings Company Ltd\nKoninklijke DSM N.V.\nKreglinger Europe nv\nLaboratoires Inn\u00e9ov SNC\nLB Bulgaricum\nLeader Foods OY\nLinpac Senior Holdings\nLoaf Of Nature\nLonza Group AG\nLyckeby Starch AB\nLyco Red Ltd\nM.A. Hanna Company\nMaplegrove Gluten Free Foods, Inc.\nMarlow Foods Ltd\nMasterpiece\nMaverick Brands LLC\nMegmilk snow brand Co\nMicroban International\nMondel\ufffd\u201cz International\nMondi Plc\nNano Pak\nNatureal\nNature's Path Foods\nNovotech Nutraceuticals, Inc.\nNu Skin Enterprises, Inc\nNutrisens SAS\nNutrition Dynamics\nOPLON\nOrigin Earth Ltd.\nOriginall\nOrkla Health AS\nOskri Corp\nOtsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd\nParx Plastics\nPepsiCo\nPrimal Food Ltd\nPukka Herbs Ltd\nPuratos NV\nQuegen Biotech\nR.W. Garcia, Co., Inc.\nRaisio\nRcl Foods\nRoma Food Products\nRoquette Fr\u00e8res S.A.\nRPC M&H Plastics UK\nSciessent LLC\nScoular Food Ingredients Group\nSealed Air\nShrinath Rotopack Private Limited\nSinorey Foods Co., Ltd.\nStandard Functional Foods Group, Inc.\nSuntory\nSymington's Ltd\nTakex Labo Co. Ltd\nTeavana Corp\nTerraVia Holdings, Inc\nThe Box Co-Op\nThe Functional Beverage Co.\nThe Geon Company (Geon)\nThe TATUA Co-operative Dairy Company Ltd.\nTommen Gram\nUflex Ltd\nUltrafresh\nUngar's Food Products, Inc.\nUnilever\nValio\nValsem Industries Sas\nVega Pharma Ltd\nVeritiv Corp\nViVA Drinks\nVivatinell\nWorld Finer Foods Inc.\nZeomic\n\nList of Other Organisations Mentioned in this Report\nEnvironmental Protection Agency (EPA)\nEuropean Food Safety Authority (EFSA)\nEuropean Union (EU)\nThe Centre for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition (CFSAN)\nThe Office of Food Additive Safety\nU.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)\nUnited States Department of Agriculture (USDA)To see a report overview please e-mail Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongain.comView original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/visiongain-report-researches-growth-opportunities-within-the-8-92-billion-antimicrobial-packaging-market-300799661.htmlSOURCE VisiongainCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Visiongain Report Researches Growth Opportunities Within the $8.92 Billion Antimicrobial Packaging Market"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/volkswagen-and-aws-join-forces-to-transform-automotive-manufacturing-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 5:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Today, Amazon Web Services (AWS), an Amazon.com company AMZN, -0.08% and the Volkswagen Group announced a multi-year, global agreement to build the Volkswagen Industrial Cloud, a cloud-based Industrial digital production platformthat will transform the automotive company\u2019s manufacturing and logistics processes. Volkswagen will rely upon the breadth and depth of AWS\u2019s portfolio of services, including IoT, machine learning, analytics, and compute services to increase plant efficiency and uptime, improve production flexibility, and increase vehicle quality.The Volkswagen Industrial Cloud will bring together real-time data from all of the Volkswagen Group\u2019s 122 manufacturing plants to manage the overall effectiveness of assembly equipment, as well as track parts and vehicles. Volkswagen will use the suite of AWS IoT services, including AWS IoT Greengrass, AWS IoT Core, AWS IoT Analytics, and AWS IoT SiteWise, to detect, collect, organize, and run sophisticated analytics on data from the plant floor. AWS\u2019s IoT services will deliver new insights into manufacturing operations across facilities that will optimize production and improve process efficiencies. With a company-wide Data Lake built on Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) to analyze the data, Volkswagen will glean insights that will pinpoint operational trends, improve forecasting, and streamline operations by identifying gaps in production and waste. Volkswagen will use Amazon SageMaker, a fully-managed service that provides developers and data scientists with the ability to build, train, and deploy machine learning models quickly, to optimize the operation of machinery and equipment in all of its plants. Additionally, Volkswagen plans to use AWS Outposts, which bring native AWS services, infrastructure, and operating models on-premises, providing seamless functionality between the factory floor and the cloud for latency sensitive applications, offering a consistent hybrid experience.\u201cWe will continue to strengthen production as a key competitive factor for the Volkswagen Group. Our strategic collaboration with AWS will lay the foundation,\u201d says Oliver Blume, Chairman of the Executive Board of Porsche AG and Member of the Board of Management of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft responsible for \u2018Production\u2019. \u201cThe Volkswagen Group, with its global expertise in automobile production, and AWS, with its technological know-how, complement each other extraordinarily well. With our global industry platform we want to create a growing industrial ecosystem with transparency and efficiency bringing benefits to all concerned.\u201d\u201cVolkswagen\u2019s industrial cloud, which will reinvent its manufacturing and logistics processes, is yet another example of how Volkswagen continues to innovate and lead,\u201d said Andy Jassy, CEO of AWS. \u201cVolkswagen's and AWS's collaboration will have a profound impact on efficiency and quality in production throughout Volkswagen\u2019s global supply chain, asVolkswagen gains access tothe broadest and deepest cloud with the most functionality, the most innovation, the highest performance and security, and the largest community of partners and customers of any other infrastructure provider. We are tightly aligned across Volkswagen\u2019s businesses to help them reimagine the future of automobile manufacturing by taking advantage of all the benefits the cloud can deliver.\u201dAbout Amazon Web ServicesFor 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world\u2019s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI),Internet of Things(IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 61 Availability Zones (AZs) within 20 geographic regions, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. Millions of customers including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies\u2014trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visitaws.amazon.com.About AmazonAmazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.About VolkswagenThe Volkswagen Group, with its headquarters in Wolfsburg, is one of the world\u2019s leading automobile manufacturers and the largest carmaker in Europe. The Group comprises twelve brands from seven European countries. In addition, the Volkswagen Group offers a wide range of financial services, including dealer and customer financing, leasing, banking and insurance activities, and fleet management. The Group operates 122 production plants in 20 European countries and a further 11 countries in the Americas, Asia and Africa. 664,496 employees worldwide produce vehicles, and work in vehicle-related services or other fields of business. The Volkswagen Group sells its vehicles in 153 countries.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190327005235/en/SOURCE: Amazon Web ServicesAmazon.com, Inc.\nMedia Hotline\nAmazon-pr@amazon.com\nwww.amazon.com/prCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Volkswagen and AWS Join Forces to Transform Automotive Manufacturing"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/facebook-issues-apology-for-temporarily-blocking-president-trumps-social-media-guru-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 3:30 p.m. ET", "article": "Facebook FB, +0.21%   has apologized for temporarily blocking President Trump\u2019s social media guru, saying his postings were mistakenly reported as spam.Before the apology, Trump tweeted that he would be \u201clooking into this\u201d with the hashtag \u201c#StopTheBias.\u201dDan Scavino posted a note on his Facebook page questioning why the site was trying to silence him.\u201cDear Facebook \u2014 AMAZING. WHY ARE YOU STOPPING ME from replying to comments followers have left me \u2014 on my own Facebook Page!!?? People have the right to know. Why are you silencing me??? Please LMK! Thanks,\u201d Scavino wrote.He later posted a screenshot of a notification he got telling him that some of his comments had been reported as spam.Facebook said in a statement that it has a policy to \u201ccap the amount of identical, repetitive activity coming from one account in a short period of time, such as @mentioning people,\u201d as a way to fight automated bots.The company said that is what accidentally happened to Scavino, and apologized.\u201cThese limits can have the unintended consequence of temporarily preventing real people like Dan Scavino from engaging in such activity, but lift in an hour or two, which is what happened in this case,\u201d a Facebook spokesperson said in a statement, Politico reported.\u201cWe\u2019ve been in touch with him and have apologized for the inconvenience.\u201dBut the president\u2019s wrath was not assuaged.\u201cFacebook, Google GOOG, +0.01%   and Twitter TWTR, -0.39%  , not to mention the Corrupt Media, are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not, we will win anyway, just like we did before! #MAGA,\u201d he tweeted.This article was first published on NYPost.com", "title": "Facebook issues apology for temporarily blocking President Trump\u2019s social media guru"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/maxim-group-llc-announces-strategic-promotion-in-healthcare-investment-banking-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 7:59 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 18, Mar 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- NEW YORK, March 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Maxim Group LLC, a leading full service investment banking, securities and wealth management firm today announced the enhancement of its Investment Banking platform with the promotion of Jim Alfaro to Senior Managing Director and Head of Healthcare Investment Banking.\"Jim has been successful in leveraging his wealth of transaction experience, depth of industry knowledge and extensive relationships in the healthcare sector to deliver Maxim's full suite of investment banking capabilities and has created significant value for our clients. I am pleased to acknowledge his contributions to Maxim Group and his leadership skills in the healthcare space,\" said Clifford Teller, Executive Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking.Mr. Alfaro joined Maxim Group in June of 2007. He has nearly 20 years of experience in investment banking. Prior to joining Maxim, Mr. Alfaro was a Senior Vice President and Head of Healthcare Investment Banking at Wedbush Morgan Securities, a West Coast based full service investment bank. Mr. Alfaro began his career at Chase Securities (New York) in the firm's Mergers & Acquisitions and Syndicated Finance groups and later joined J.P. Morgan's Equity Capital Markets Group (New York). He holds an MBA from the University of California, Berkeley and participated in Berkeley's exchange program with Columbia Business School and holds a B.A. from the University of Texas, Austin.About Maxim Group LLCMaxim Group LLC is a full-service investment banking, securities and wealth management firm headquartered in New York. The Firm provides a full array of financial services including investment banking; private wealth management; and global institutional equity, fixed-income and derivatives sales & trading, equity research and prime brokerage services to a diverse range of corporate clients, institutional investors and high net worth individuals. Maxim Group is a registered broker-dealer with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (MSRB), and is a member of the following: Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA); Securities Insurance Protection Corporation (SIPC); NASDAQ Stock Market and NYSE Arca, Inc. To learn more about Maxim Group, visit www.maximgrp.com.For further information please contact:John J. Garrity\nChief Marketing Officer\n212.895.3624\njgarrity@maximgrp.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Maxim Group LLC Announces Strategic Promotion In Healthcare Investment Banking"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nanostring-technologies-announces-closing-of-public-offering-of-5175000-shares-of-common-stock-including-exercise-in-full-of-option-to-purchase-additional-shares-2019-03-25-6184037": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 6:00 a.m. ET", "article": "SEATTLE, March 25, Mar 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SEATTLE, March 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NanoString Technologies, Inc. NSTG, -0.08% a provider of life science tools for translational research and molecular diagnostic products, today announced the closing of its previously announced underwritten public offering of 5,175,000 shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $23.00 per share pursuant to its shelf registration statement. NanoString sold 3,175,000 shares of common stock, which includes the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase an additional 675,000 shares of common stock, and Clarus Lifesciences II, L.P., a stockholder of NanoString, sold 2,000,000 shares of common stock. Net proceeds to NanoString from the offering were approximately 68.3 million after deducting underwriting discounts and the estimated expenses of the offering. NanoString intends to use the net proceeds of the offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. NanoString will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock by the selling stockholder.J.P. Morgan, UBS Investment Bank and Cowen acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. Baird acted as lead manager for the offering.A shelf registration statement on Form S-3 relating to the common stock offered in the public offering described above was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 18, 2019 and automatically became effective upon filing. The offering was made only by means of a written prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering have been filed with the SEC and are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus may also be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by phone at 1-866-803-9204, or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; from UBS Securities LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, 25th floor, New York, NY 10019, or by phone at 888-827-7275 or by email at ol-prospectus-request@ubs.com; or from Cowen and Company, LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY, 11717, Attn: Prospectus Department or by phone at 631-274-2806.This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities being offered, nor shall there be any sale of the securities being offered in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.Contact\nDouglas Farrell\nVice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications\ndfarrell@nanostring.com\nPhone: 206-602-1768(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "NanoString Technologies Announces Closing of Public Offering of 5,175,000 Shares of Common Stock Including Exercise in Full of Option to Purchase Additional Shares"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/warren-buffetts-berkshire-hathaway-stock-falls-as-big-bet-on-kraft-heinz-sours-2019-02-22": {"date": "Feb 23, 2019 3:11 p.m. ET", "article": "Warren Buffett\u2019s buy-and-hold strategy doesn\u2019t always work out, as his Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is taking a bath Friday on its big investment in Kraft Heinz Inc., after the packaged food company reported disappointing results, slashed its dividend and disclosed an SEC investigation.And that\u2019s also bad news for Berkshire Hathaway investors.Kraft Heinz\u2019s stock KHC, -0.33% plummeted 28.0% toward a record low in active afternoon trade, enough to make it the worst performer in the consumer staples sector XLP, -0.09%  and the S&P 500 index. SPX, +0.08%  That would be the stock\u2019s biggest ever one-day decline, by far, since the company was spun out of what is now Mondelez International Inc. MDLZ, -0.33% in 2012.The company had reported last Thursday fourth-quarter earnings and revenue that missed expectations and cut its dividend by 36%. If that\u2019s not bad enough, it received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission, resulting from an investigation into the company\u2019s accounting. Read more about Kraft Heinz\u2019s Q4 results, and Q3 results.Now the bad news for Buffett.Berkshire Hathaway owned 325,634,818 shares of Kraft Heinz as of Dec. 31, according to the latest 13-F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. That represented about 26.7% of the shares outstanding, while the value of the holding was just under 8% of Berkshire\u2019s total equity holdings.If Berkshire\u2019s stake remained intact, it would be worth about $4.4 billion less than it was the day before.It\u2019s no wonder Berkshire\u2019s Class B shares slumped 1.6% Friday, to pace the financial XLF, +0.16% losers.Berkshire\u2019s stake in Kraft Heinz has been the same since the third quarter of 2015, according to SEC filings. Before that, filings showed ownership of just 192,666 shares of Kraft Foods Group Inc. and 578,000 shares of Mondelez.Since Sept. 30, 2015, the stock has now plummeted 50.9%. That indicates Berkshire\u2019s investment has lost $11.7 billion in principal value since then, including an $11.3 billion loss in 2018 alone.Now the bad news for Berkshire shareholders, the loss on Kraft\u2019s investment could impact Berkshire\u2019s earnings.Berkshire\u2019s 10-K filing for 2017 details its investments in H.J. Heinz Holding Corp., which eventually became its holding of Kraft Heinz (page 76). Based on the equity method of accounting, Berkshire determined the earnings for its investment in Kraft common stock were $2.9 billion in 2017. The company said it received $797 million in dividends on the stock during 2017, down from $952 million in 2016.See related: Kraft, Heinz agree to merge in Buffett-backed deal.Barclays analyst Jay Gelb cut his fourth-quarter operating earnings per share estimate on Berkshire\u2019s Class B shares to $1.15 from $2.35 as a result of its Kraft Heinz holdings. He reiterated his neutral rating and $250 stock price target.Buffett\u2019s annual letter to shareholders is expected to be revealed on Saturday, as Berkshire reports fourth-quarter results and files its 10-K for 2018.The result of Berkshire\u2019s aggressive bet on Kraft Heinz seems to run counter with the defensive nature of being a consumer staple, which provide goods and services that consumers see has daily needs rather than wants.See also from Barron\u2019s: Kraft and other packaged-food stocks aren\u2019t a safe haven anymore, analyst says.Meanwhile, prior to Friday\u2019s debacle, Kraft Heinz\u2019s stock had lost 28.6% over the past 12 months, while the SPDR Consumer Staples Select Sector exchange-traded fund had gained 1.9% and the S&P 500 index had advanced 2.7%. Berkshire shares rose 2.1% over the same time.", "title": "Warren Buffett\u2019s Berkshire Hathaway stock falls as big bet on Kraft Heinz sours"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/mueller-aside-why-stocks-could-be-about-to-deliver-explosive-gains-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 3:43 p.m. ET", "article": "While it might not amount to \u201ctotal exoneration,\u201d as Donald Trump put it, it\u2019s hard to argue \u2014 though there\u2019s no shortage of people willing to try \u2014 that the Mueller report didn\u2019t deliver a big win for the president.But is it a victory for investors?So far, the stock market isn\u2019t exactly popping the champagne as Friday\u2019s selling mood seems to be spilling over into early action.Nevertheless, there are plenty of pundits who believe it\u2019s just a matter of time before the bull shakes off the latest weakness and gets back on track now that at least some uncertainty has been lifted.The anonymous blogger The Fly, for instance, put it in his own terms.\u201cMarkets will likely favor this news, since Trump is a super easy money dork \u2014 who box watches stocks all day and really wants to get a trade deal done \u2014 a very beautiful one at that \u2014 to establish a legacy of being the best stock market promoter in the history of American politics,\u201d he wrote.Others, however, were much more measured with their optimism.\u201cIt frees [Trump] up to focus on infrastructure and housing reform,\u201d says Larry McDonald of the Bear Traps Report. \u201cWe will rally on this but everything that took us down last week will keep rearing it\u2019s ugly head again.\u201dStephen Weiss, founder of Short Hills Capital Partners, agreed that any benefit might be short-lived, according to CNBC.\u201cI think the market was going to bounce back anyway and this gives it a little extra oomph,\u201d he said. \u201cBut overall the investigation rarely was a big concern for investors. If there is a big pop on this, you can likely fade it.\u201dSo, popular sentiment among Wall Street types seems to be that, for this Trump stuff to result in any meaningful momentum, other pieces need to fall into place.In our call of the day, portfolio manager Cam Hui, who writes for the Humble Student of the Markets blog, says there\u2019s a \u201cdecent chance\u201d stocks, \u201cexoneration\u201d aside, are about to deliver explosive gains; perhaps as much as 57%.Why? The Fed.\u201cOne parallel to the market hiccup of late 2018 would be 1998, when the Fed stepped in to rescue the financial system in the wake of the Russia Crisis,\u201d Hui wrote in a post on Sunday. \u201cA melt-up in the current environment would be supported by the combination of loose monetary policy and easy fiscal policy.\u201dHe used this chart as an example of the kind of action we could see:The crisis in Russia\u2019s markets was triggered when Moscow devalued the ruble, defaulted on domestic debt and declared a moratorium on payments to foreign creditors. As the chart illustrates, U.S. stocks also felt the sting. In fact, a direct result of the crisis was the collapse of Long Term Capital Management.The damage in the U.S., however, didn\u2019t last long and stocks would soon take off on that historic dot-com run. If a similar melt-up takes place over the next 18 months, like Hui suggests is possible, the S&P SPX, -0.09% would approach 4,400.Stocks clearly aren\u2019t heading in that direction just yet.The Nasdaq Composite COMP, -0.06% Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.11% and S&P 500 didn\u2019t show much of a bounce after Friday\u2019s demolition, but they did manage to bounce off lows.The euro EURUSD, -0.0976%  is up slightly, putting a bit of pressure on the dollar DXY, +0.06% The pound GBPUSD, +0.1742%  is barely budging. Gold US:GCU8 is up, while crude prices US:CLU8 are down more than 1%.Europe stocks SXXP, +0.60%  pulled back, though they got a small boost from upbeat German business sentiment data. Asian equities ADOW, -0.31%  got hit hard on mounting recession fears.Keep an eye on that yield curve. The closely watched measure briefly inverted Friday \u2014 with the yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, -1.82%  falling below the yield on the 3-month T-bill \u2014 and rattled the stock by underlining investor worries over a potential recession.Apple AAPL, +0.96%  will shift its business further toward the services side Monday, according to a new report a day before the unveiling of its highly anticipated streaming-video service. According to the Wall Street Journal, Apple will charge for the service, contrary to a September report that said it would be offered free to users of Apple devices. The exact price has not yet been revealed.Elon Musk announced Sunday that prices on all Tesla TSLA, +0.79%  inventory cars will rise by about 3% on April 1. \u201cTo be clear, this doesn\u2019t affect Tesla website order prices,\u201d Musk added. \u201cExisting inventory prices are currently slightly lower than on website. This will bring them in line.\u201d Tesla shares are down more than 20% year to date, compared to the S&P 500 12% gain.Are you afraid of black swan events wreaking havoc on your portfolio? If you are, Nicolas Rabener of FactorResearch says you\u2019re being irrational. \u201cIf the event will be a surprise, should investors fear it?\u201d he asked. \u201cIt is questionable if investors should or can prepare specifically for these kinds of events.\u201d And even if you knew one was coming, you couldn\u2019t possibly predict the impact, according to his research, which takes a look at several such events dating back to 1990.Here\u2019s the chart of what happened in the week that followed each one:\u201cThis short research note highlights that factor returns were almost random after black swan and major events, which indicates the challenges of portfolio positioning even if an investor could anticipate such an event,\u201d Rabener wrote in a blog post. \u201cDiversification across factors and asset classes is likely the best way to prepare for the expected and unexpected.\u201d$70.3 million: That\u2019s how much Jordan Peele\u2019s new movie, \u201cUs,\u201d sold in its opening weekend, setting a new record for an original horror movie.The Chicago Fed National Activity Index for February was released at 8:30 a.m. Eastern, along with the Dallas Fed manufacturing survey. But the real data highlights hit later in the week with Case-Shiller house prices due Tuesday and February housing starts and new homes sales numbers released Friday.\u201cTo get that money, Lebron would have to stay on the Lakers until the year 4899, and they probably still won\u2019t make the playoffs\u201d \u2014 comedian Neal Brennan, putting Amazon AMZN, -0.35%  CEO Jeff Bezos\u2019s enormous fortune in perspective on Comedy Central\u2019s The Daily Show.Read: Centibillionaire club welcomes newest memberMichael Scott scouting the Democratic candidates so you don\u2019t have to:How capitalism saved Sweden.This is what happens when you engage with Alex Jones in public.Gronk hangs it up at the ripe old age of 29.Yale students share their thoughts on all this admissions stuff.Meanwhile, rap legend Dr. Dre\u2019s daughter got into USC all on her own, unless you count that $70-million donation.More tragedy in the aftermath of the Parkland shootings.Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Mueller aside, why the stock market could be about to deliver explosive gains"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/blackrockr-canada-announces-march-cash-distributions-for-the-isharesr-etfs-2019-03-19-7184551": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 7:55 a.m. ET", "article": "TORONTO, March 19, Mar 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- TORONTO, March 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited (\"BlackRock Canada\"), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc. BLK, +0.45% today announced the March 2019 cash distributions for the iShares ETFs listed on the TSX which pay on a quarterly basis. Unitholders of record of a fund on March 26, 2019 will receive cash distributions payable in respect of that fund on March 29, 2019Details regarding the \"per unit\" distribution amounts are as follows:Estimated March Cash Distributions for the iShares Premium Money Market ETFThe March cash distributions per unit for the iShares Premium Money Market ETF are estimated to be as follows:BlackRock Canada expects to issue a press release on or about March 25, 2019, which will provide the final amounts for the iShares Premium Money Market ETF.Further information on the iShares Funds can be found at http://www.blackrock.com/ca.About BlackRockBlackRock helps investors build better financial futures. As a fiduciary to investors and a leading provider of financial technology, our clients turn to us for the solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of December 31, 2018, the firm managed approximately US$5.98 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit www.blackrock.com/ca | Twitter: @BlackRockCA | Blog: www.blackrockblog.com/can | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock.About iShares ETFsiShares unlocks opportunity across markets to meet the evolving needs of investors. With more than twenty years of experience, a global line-up of 800+ exchange traded funds (ETFs) and US$1.7 trillion in assets under management as of December 31, 2018, iShares continues to drive progress for the financial industry. iShares funds are powered by the expert portfolio and risk management of BlackRock, trusted to manage more money than any other investment firm [1] .[1 ] Based on US$5.98 trillion in AUM as of 12/31/18iShares [(R)] ETFs are managed by BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited.Commissions, trailing commissions, management fees and expenses all may be associated with investing in iShares ETFs. Please read the relevant prospectus before investing. The funds are not guaranteed, their values change frequently and past performance may not be repeated. Tax, investment and all other decisions should be made, as appropriate, only with guidance from a qualified professional.Contact for Media:\nMaeve Hannigan\nT - 416-643-4058\nEmail: Maeve.Hannigan@blackrock.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "BlackRock(R) Canada Announces March Cash Distributions for the iShares(R) ETFs"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/financialbuzzcom-market-recap-week-ending-march-22nd-2019-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 22, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- U.S. stocks began the week strong as investors waited for the Federal Reserve's meeting to decide whether or not there will be another interest rate hikes this year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 284.58 points, or 1.1%, from Monday's opening bell into Wednesday's midday as the Feds' Chairman Jerome Powell was expected to deliver the decision on that afternoon. Leading into Powell's announcement, U.S. markets were on track for a four-day gain streak, before it was snapped when Powell announced that the Federal Reserve policy makers would not increase rates this year. As expected, the central bank is maintaining its key rate at a range of 2.25% and 2.50%, slashing its previous projection of two rate hikes in 2019 to zero. The Fed also downgraded the domestic economic outlook for 2019, contributing to the weaker market on Wednesday and forecast lower gross products of 2.1%, declining from 2.3% for 2019. In addition to the weaker market, U.S. President Donald Trump said that tariffs on Chinese goods would remain in place for a \"substantial period of time\" even if a deal is reached between the two parties. Despite the dovish news on Wednesday, markets quickly rebounded on Thursday morning, as the Dow Jones rose by 170 points or 0.66% midday. Tech stocks led the stronger market on Thursday as the overall industry was up 1.7%, lead by Apple's AAPL, +0.85% 3.5% jump. The S&P 500 rose by 2.52 points or 0.9% throughout Thursday, while the Nasdaq Composite was 82.35 points or 1.06% higher. Worldpay, Inc. WP, +0.24% FedEx Corporation FDX, +0.02% Micron Technology, Inc. MU, -1.51% Biogen Inc. BIIB, -0.38% Levi Strauss & Co. LEVI, +0.91%Investors continued to digest the Feds' decision on Thursday. Ordinarily, the Fed maintains a bullish stance on the markets since it would mean lower borrowing costs for longer, but some investors believed that the Fed may be seeing negatives, said MarketWatch. \"Economists will now debate over the coming months whether this dovish commitment is a policy mistake,' wrote Edward Moya, market analyst with Oanada, via MarketWatch. \"The Fed's concern for the economy likely suggests they will be overly cautious reversing course back to a tightening bias even if we see a strong second quarter of data. U.S. data this morning was strong and will fuel the fire that is questioning the Fed's dovish commitment,\" he added. \"Jobless claims came in better than expected and the Philadelphia Fed business outlook rebounded sharply.\"For our latest \"Buzz on the Street\" Show featuring \"Earnings Recap\" please visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6W-AwaZyIOQWorldpay, Inc. WP, +0.24% announced on Monday that it has entered into an agreement with Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. FIS, +0.24% to be acquired at a total enterprise value of USD 43 Billion. Worldpay shares rose by 13% following the announcement. The merger of two major payment solutions companies will help develop and accelerate FIS' payment capabilities. The combined company will look to target enterprise banking, payments, capital markets, and global eCommerce to aid financial institutions and businesses. The transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2019.FedEx Corporation FDX, +0.02% released its third quarter financial results during Tuesday's extended trading hours. The shipping and logistics company reported disappointing earnings, which sent shares lower by 6% at the opening bell on Wednesday. For the third quarter, FedEx reported earnings of USD 3.03 per share on revenue of USD 17.01 Billion. Analysts expected earnings of USD 3.11 per share on revenue of USD 17.67 Billion. Furthermore, FedEx also reported a weaker-than-expected guidance for both the fourth quarter and full year. The Company expects fourth quarter earnings of USD 4.58 to USD 5.38 per share and  full year earnings of USD 15.10 to USD 15.90 per share. Analysts consensus is expecting earnings of USD 5.39 for the fourth quarter and USD 15.97 for the fiscal 2019.Micron Technology, Inc.  MU, -1.51% shares rose by 8.6% on Thursday morning after the chipmaker reported its second quarter financial results after market close on Wednesday. For the second quarter, Micron reported diluted earnings of USD 1.71 per share on revenue of USD 5.84 Billion. Wall Street analysts had expected earnings of USD 1.67 per share on revenue of USD 5.3 Billion. Despite the beat, Micron's revenue fell by 25.9% year-over-year due to the ongoing weakness in the chip sector as well as trade wars. Micron announced that it will cut its capital expenditures due to the lower demand, which resulted in the Company providing a weaker-than-expected guidance. For the third quarter, Micron expects to report revenue between USD 4.6 Billion and USD 5 Billion, falling short of analysts' estimates of USD 5.3 Billion.Biogen Inc.  BIIB, -0.38% shares cratered on Thursday morning after the Company decided to terminate its Phase 3 and future clinical trials for its Alzheimer's disease drug. Biogen shares fell by 28% during Thursday's pre-market hours. The Company was collaborating with Eisai, a Tokyo-based pharmaceutical company. The two decided to discontinue the clinical trials because they believed that they would not meet their primary endpoint. However, Biogen noted in its press release that the termination of the drug was not due to safety concerns. Biogen's drug, Aducanumab (BIIB037) is a human monoclonal antibody (mAb) derived from a de-identified library of B cells collected from healthy elderly subjects with no signs of cognitive impairment.Levi Strauss & Co. LEVI, +0.91% launched its initial public offering on Thursday morning on the New York Stock Exchange, listing under the ticker \"LEVI.\" Levi's shares listed on the exchange at USD 22.22 per share after the Company announced the day before that shares should list at USD 17.00 per share. Levi's shares were trading 33.24% higher than the IPO price, the Company stated in a release. The jeans and casual apparel maker was previously public back in 1971, but went private again in 1985.Subscribe Now! Watch us report LIVE https://www.youtube.com/FinancialBuzzMediaFollow us on Twitter for real time Financial News Updates: https://twitter.com/financialbuzzFollow and talk to us on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/financialbuzzFacebook Like Us to receive live feeds: https://www.facebook.com/Financialbuzz/About FinancialBuzz.com FinancialBuzz.com, a leading financial news informational web portal designed to provide the latest trends in Market News, Investing News, Personal Finance, Politics, Entertainment, in-depth broadcasts on Stock News, Market Analysis and Company Interviews. A pioneer in the financially driven digital space, video production and integration of social media, FinancialBuzz.com creates 100% unique original content. FinancialBuzz.com also provides financial news PR dissemination, branding, marketing and advertising for third parties for corporate news and original content through our unique media platform that includes Newswire Delivery, Digital Advertising, Social Media Relations, Video Production, Broadcasting, and Financial Publications.Please Note: FinancialBuzz.com is not a financial advisory or advisor, investment advisor or broker-dealer and do not undertake any activities that would require such registration. The information provided on http://www.FinancialBuzz.com (the \"site\") is either original financial news or paid advertisements provided [exclusively] by our affiliates (sponsored content), FinancialBuzz.com, a financial news media and marketing firm enters into media buys or service agreements with the companies which are the subject to the articles posted on the Site or other editorials for advertising such companies. FinancialBuzz.com has not been compensated directly by any of the companies mentioned here in this editorial. We are not an independent news media provider and therefore do not represent or warrant that the information posted on the Site is accurate, unbiased or complete. FinancialBuzz.com receives fees for producing and presenting high quality and sophisticated content on FinancialBuzz.com along with other financial news PR media services. FinancialBuzz.com does not offer any personal opinions or bias commentary as we purely incorporate public market information along with financial and corporate news. FinancialBuzz.com only aggregates or regurgitates financial or corporate news through our unique financial newswire and media platform. For this release, FinancialBuzz.com has not been compensated for financial news dissemination and PR services by any parties. Our fees may be either a flat cash sum or negotiated number of securities of the companies featured on this editorial or site, or a combination thereof. The securities are commonly paid in segments, of which a portion is received upon engagement and the balance is paid on or near the conclusion of the engagement. FinancialBuzz.com will always disclose any compensation in securities or cash payments for financial news PR advertising. FinancialBuzz.com does not undertake to update any of the information on the editorial or Site or continue to post information about any companies the information contained herein is not intended to be used as the basis for investment decisions and should not be considered as investment advice or a recommendation. The information contained herein is not an offer or solicitation to buy, hold or sell any security. FinancialBuzz.com, members and affiliates are not responsible for any gains or losses that result from the opinions expressed on this editorial or Site, company profiles, quotations or in other materials or presentations that it publishes electronically or in print. Investors accept full responsibility for any and all of their investment decisions based on their own independent research and evaluation of their own investment goals, risk tolerance, and financial condition. FinancialBuzz.com. By accessing this editorial and website and any pages thereof, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time. None of the content issued by FinancialBuzz.com constitutes a recommendation for any investor to purchase, hold or sell any particular security, pursue a particular investment strategy or that any security is suitable for any investor. This publication is provided by FinancialBuzz.com. Each investor is solely responsible for determining whether a particular security or investment strategy is suitable based on their objectives, other securities holdings, financial situation needs, and tax status. You agree to consult with your investment advisor, tax and legal consultant before making any investment decisions. We make no representations as to the completeness, accuracy or timeless of the material provided. All materials are subject to change without notice. Information is obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but its accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed. For our full disclaimer, disclosure and Terms of Use, please visit: http://www.FinancialBuzz.com.For further information:Media Contact:\ninfo@financialbuzz.com\n+1-877-601-1879\nUrl: http://www.FinancialBuzz.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/financialbuzzcom-market-recap-week-ending-march-22nd-2019-300816894.htmlSOURCE FinancialBuzz.comCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Financialbuzz.com: 'Market Recap' Week Ending March 22nd, 2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apples-new-services-could-either-be-netflix-poison-or-barely-meaningful-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 7:51 a.m. ET", "article": "There were few surprises at Apple Inc.\u2019s Monday event focused on services and subscriptions, but several key debates remain among Wall Street analysts.Apple AAPL, +1.07%  left plenty of doors open itself when it didn\u2019t provide pricing information for its forthcoming gaming or video subscription services, expected out this fall. Those numbers are important for investors as they seek to determine customer willingness to pay.But the analysis on Wall Street goes beyond the lack of key financial detail and delves into whether there\u2019s much opportunity for Apple to make a splash in new markets outside its core.Opinion: Apple leaves a lot of questions about its subscription services unansweredBernstein\u2019s Toni Sacconaghi was \u201cencouraged\u201d by Apple\u2019s latest announcements of a new credit card and streaming services geared around news, videos, and gaming, which showed him that the company has become more aware of how much of an asset its installed base could be. But he cautioned that it may be hard for these newly announced offerings to make much of a dent in Apple\u2019s business, since Apple\u2019s core operations are so massive.\u201cWhile revenues could be sizable over time for Apple from its new services offerings, they *need* to be to have any noticeable impact, given Apple\u2019s huge revenue base ($250 billion), and its increasingly large services revenue business ($46 billion),\u201d he wrote in a research note. \u201cFor instance, if yesterday\u2019s offerings hypothetically grew to generate $15 billion in annual revenues over the next five years, they would add only about 1% per year to Apple\u2019s overall growth rate.\u201dIn comparison, the iPhone generated revenue of about $52.0 billion in just the three months ended Dec. 29, 2018, or 62% of total revenue of $84.3 billion for the quarter.He rates the stock at market perform with a $160 price target.Don\u2019t miss: Apple\u2019s new credit card offers 2% \u2018daily\u2019 cash back \u2014 what consumers need to know about itGoldman Sachs analyst Rod Hall wrote that Apple\u2019s event \u201cwas materially different\u201d than he had expected, since only the news service will be immediately available and Apple declined to talk pricing for its video or gaming products. Hall was also struck that the company didn\u2019t discuss a bundled offering that would combine its various new subscriptions, though he said the company could unveil one later in the year.\u201cThough all of these services are interesting from a platform churn point of view none seem likely on our calculations to materially impact EPS in the short term, with the possible exception of Apple Arcade pending pricing and service details,\u201d he wrote. Hall has a neutral rating and $140 target on the stock.Morgan Stanley\u2019s Katy Huberty said that Apple boasted an \u201cimpressive\u201d array of content partners, showing the power of its platform and brand. But she too was disappointed by the lack of commentary around pricing and the launch windows in the second half of the year. Such factors \u201cmake it difficult for the Street to quantify the impact of what was announced today, limiting perceived upside from new services near-term,\u201d wrote Huberty, who rates the stock at overweight.She boosted her target price to $220 from $197, saying that the \u201cre-rating\u201d of hardware and services names in recent months could help justify a higher multiple for Apple shares.There were others, however, who were highly upbeat. Needham analyst Laura Martin titled her note to clients \u201cApple Poisons Netflix,\u201d writing that Apple faces no marketing costs and strong consumer awareness as it tries to push its new video service.\u201cNetflix NFLX, -0.08%  has an inferior competitive position to Apple over time, as we see it, in both: a) customer acquisition costs; and b) content costs,\u201d wrote Martin, who has a strong buy rating and $225 price target on the stock. \u201cApple has zero consumer acquisition costs since it will first target its captive 900 million global unique users, which are the wealthiest consumers in the world.\u201dOn the content side, she sees the company as being ultimately better positioned since it captures a portion of each subscription to services like Showtime and HBO that get sold via its platform.Apple shares are up 1.5% in morning trading Tuesday, and they\u2019ve gained 22% over the past three months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.00%  has gained 12.4% in that time.Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Tech Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple\u2019s new services could either be Netflix \u2018poison\u2019 or barely meaningful"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/new-york-company-inc-to-host-earnings-call-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 2:32 p.m. ET", "article": "March 21, 2019 (ACCESSWIRE via COMTEX) -- NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / March 21, 2019 / New York & Company, Inc. (NYSE: RTW) will be discussing their earnings results in their 2018 Fourth Quarter Earnings to be held on March 21, 2019 at 4:30 PM Eastern Time.To listen to the event live or access a replay of the call - visit https://www.investornetwork.com/company/C-3AC57FEE81322To receive updates for this company you can register by emailing info@investornetwork.com or by clicking get investment info from the company's profile.About Investor NetworkInvestor Network (IN) is a financial content community, serving millions of unique investors market information, earnings, commentary and news on the what's trending. Dedicated to both the professional and the average traders, IN offers timely, trusted and relevant financial information for virtually every investor. IN is an Issuer Direct brand, to learn more or for the latest financial news and market information, visit www.investornetwork.com. Follow us on Twitter @investornetwork.SOURCE: Investor NetworkView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/539623/New-York-Company-Inc-to-Host-Earnings-CallCopyright 2019 ACCESSWIRE", "title": "New York & Company, Inc. to Host Earnings Call"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/imdbpro-track-now-notifies-members-about-updates-to-imdb-pages-of-professionals-and-projects-they-follow-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 12:45 p.m. ET", "article": "IMDbPro (www.imdbpro.com), the essential resource for entertainment industry professionals, today unveiled an expansion of its popular IMDbPro Track feature, now empowering members to receive customizable notifications when the IMDb pages of people and titles they follow are updated, including new credits, cast or crew attachments or when a project changes production status. Instant alerts notify members of updates and appear in personalized inboxes on the IMDbPro app for iPhone and Android and the desktop site. IMDbPro also revealed today the top female directors, screenwriters and pre-release movies with a female director attached that members are following with IMDbPro Track.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190326005133/en/IMDbPro Track provides entertainment professionals and companies worldwide with a convenient way to stay up-to-date on the entire IMDb database of titles and people, including more than 5 million movies, TV and entertainment programs and more than 8 million actors, producers, executives and other professionals. Each week hundreds of thousands of new items and updates to filmographies, titles, names and other categories are made on IMDb. More than 1 million notifications have been sent to members since IMDbPro Track launched in July 2018 featuring news and announcements from the leading industry trades.\u201cInformation is power in the fast-moving entertainment industry, and IMDbPro Track offers members greater and more timely access to the latest industry developments and information, which in turn enables them to identify job opportunities, find people for their projects and build valuable relationships,\u201d said Matt Kumin, Head of IMDbPro. \u201cCustomers love when we save them time, and now being able to bring them the most relevant updates from the IMDb database in a timely and customizable way will transform how they stay informed and navigate the industry.\u201d\u201cI love the IMDbPro Track feature with the new IMDb page update notifications,\u201d said producer David Koplan (Papillon, Dumb and Dumber To, Thanks for Sharing). \u201cThe updates are extremely helpful in keeping track of people in the business and what they are up to in a great way. I am also able to track specific projects I\u2019m interested in and keep informed when writers, producers and crew members get added to projects on IMDb.\u201d\u201cAs a casting director, my job depends on having the latest information about actors and their careers, especially for rising talent,\u201d said Jenny Jue (Inglourious Basterds, Okja, Snowpiercer). \u201cWith its latest enhancements, the IMDbPro Track feature makes it incredibly easy for me to receive updates on the people and projects I\u2019m interested in working with, ensuring I get notified when their IMDb pages change and making sure I never miss important information.\u201dTop 10 Most-Tracked Pre-Release Films with Women Attached to Direct*1. Black Widow (Director: Cate Shortland)\n2. Frozen II (Directors: Chris Buck, Jennifer Lee)\n3. Little Women (2019) (Director: Greta Gerwig)\n4. Wonder Woman 1984 (Director: Patty Jenkins)\n5. Fear Street (Director: Leigh Janiak)\n6. Untitled Star Trek Sequel (Director: S.J. Clarkson)\n7. Charlie's Angels (2019) (Director: Elizabeth Banks)\n8. Mulan (2020) (Director: Niki Caro)\n9. The Eternals (Director: Chlo\u00e9 Zhao)\n10. Cowboy Ninja Viking (Director: Michelle MacLaren)\n*The 10 most-tracked upcoming feature-length movies with a woman attached to direct or co-direct by IMDbPro members as of March 17. IMDbPro members have access to more than 25,000 in-development and production film and TV titles not available on IMDb.Top 10 Most-Tracked Female Directors by IMDbPro Members*1. Ava DuVernay\n2. Karen Gillan\n3. Greta Gerwig\n4. Angelina Jolie\n5. Patty Jenkins\n6. Susanne Bier\n7. Chlo\u00e9 Zhao\n8. Sofia Coppola\n9. Reed Morano\n10. Elizabeth Banks\n*The 10 most-tracked female directors of a completed and distributed feature-length movie by IMDbPro members as of March 17.Top 10 Most-Tracked Female Screenwriters by IMDbPro Members*1. Ava DuVernay\n2. Shonda Rhimes\n3. Karen Gillan\n4. Greta Gerwig\n5. Patty Jenkins\n6. Susanne Bier\n7. Chlo\u00e9 Zhao\n8. Melissa McCarthy\n9. Sofia Coppola\n10. Lynne Ramsay\n*The 10 most-tracked female screenwriters of a completed and distributed feature-length movie by IMDbPro members as of March 17.Members can start using IMDbPro Track on the IMDbPro app for iOS and Android or on the desktop site. Other IMDbPro member-only benefits include the following: detailed contact and representation information; more than 25,000 in-development film and TV titles not available on IMDb; tools to manage and showcase their IMDb profile, including the ability to select their primary images and the credits they are best \u201cknown for\u201d; exclusive STARmeter rankings that are determined by page views on IMDb; and a convenient tool that generates custom digital assets to promote their work on social media and other platforms. To become a member today, visit www.imdbpro.com.About IMDbProIMDbPro (http://www.imdbpro.com) is the essential resource for entertainment industry professionals. This membership-based service includes comprehensive information and tools that are designed to help entertainment industry professionals achieve success throughout all stages of their career. IMDbPro offers members the following: detailed contact and representation information; tools to manage and showcase their IMDb profile, including the ability to select their primary images and the credits they are best \u201cknown for\u201d; exclusive STARmeter rankings that are determined by page views on IMDb; the IMDbPro app for iPhone and Android; IMDbPro Track, which empowers members using the app to receive personalized entertainment industry news and notifications on the people and film and TV projects they want to follow; and a convenient tool that generates custom digital assets to promote their work on social media and other platforms. Additional IMDbPro services include Box Office Mojo (http://www.boxofficemojo.com), the leading online source of box-office data. IMDbPro is a division of IMDb (www.imdb.com), the #1 movie website in the world with a combined web and mobile audience of more than 250 million unique monthly visitors. Follow IMDbPro on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/imdbpro/), Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/imdbpro/) and Twitter (https://twitter.com/imdbpro).About IMDbIMDb is the world\u2019s most popular and authoritative source for movie, TV and celebrity content. The IMDb consumer site (www.imdb.com) is the #1 movie website in the world with a combined web and mobile audience of more than 250 million unique monthly visitors. IMDb offers a searchable database of more than 250 million data items including more than 5 million movies, TV and entertainment programs and more than 8 million cast and crew members. Consumers rely on the information IMDb provides -- including local movie showtimes, ticketing, trailers, critic and user reviews, personalized recommendations, photo galleries, entertainment news, quotes, trivia, box-office data, editorial feature sections and a universal Watchlist \u2013 when deciding what to watch and where to watch it. IMDb\u2019s portfolio of leading entertainment apps (http://www.imdb.com/apps/) includes its popular \u201cMovies & TV\u201d app for iPhone, iPad, Fire tablets, Android phones, Android tablets and its mobile-optimized website. To date, there have been more than 150 million downloads of IMDb\u2019s mobile apps worldwide. IMDb X-Ray for Movies & TV Shows is a feature that revolutionizes the viewing experience by bringing the power of IMDb directly to Fire HD, Fire TV and Fire TV Stick. IMDb offerings include IMDb Freedive, a free streaming video channel available in the United States on the IMDb website via laptop or personal computer and on all Amazon Fire TV devices. The IMDb Facebook page (https://www.facebook.com/imdb) and official Twitter account (https://twitter.com/imdb) are followed by more than 12 million passionate entertainment fans. IMDbPro (http://www.imdbpro.com) is the essential resource for entertainment industry professionals. This membership-based service includes comprehensive information and tools that are designed to help entertainment industry professionals achieve success throughout all stages of their career. IMDbPro offers members the following: detailed contact and representation information; tools to manage and showcase their IMDb profile, including the ability to select their primary images and the credits they are best \u201cknown for\u201d; exclusive STARmeter rankings that are determined by page views on IMDb; the IMDbPro app for iPhone and Android; IMDbPro Track, which empowers members using the app to receive personalized entertainment industry news and notifications on the people and film and TV projects they want to follow; and a convenient tool that generates custom digital assets to promote their work on social media and other platforms. Additionally, IMDb owns and operates Box Office Mojo (http://www.boxofficemojo.com), the leading online source of box-office data. IMDb.com is operated by IMDb.com, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN (http://www.amazon.com). To learn more, go to: http://www.imdb.com/press.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190326005133/en/SOURCE: IMDbProIMDbPro\npress@imdb.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "IMDbPro Track Now Notifies Members About Updates to IMDb Pages of Professionals and Projects They Follow"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/moltin-democratizes-amazon-go-shopping-experience-for-every-brand-and-retailer-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 8:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Moltin, the only Commerce unPlatform, today announced the global availability of their In-Store Self Checkout and Pop-up Event Self Checkout solutions, which enable every brand and retailer to deliver innovative and engaging shopping experiences that rivals Amazon Go. These new solutions will delight consumers by empowering them to buy the things they want, on-demand using their own mobile phone, both in-store and at events such as concerts, trade shows, sporting events, and festivals.Moltin is hosting a live \u201copen house\u201d launch event from 12pm - 1pm and 5pm - 7pm ET on Wednesday, March 27th, at the Stance Soho store located at 510 Broadway, New York, NY 10012. The launch event will showcase live demos of the In-Store Self Checkout solution, wine and cheese, prize giveaways, and more. Dozens of brands and press organizations have already registered, and we hope to see you there too.Brands and Retailers are under more pressure than ever to deliver innovative, engaging experiences that delight consumers, but legacy eCommerce Platforms like Shopify, Salesforce Commerce Cloud, Magento, and Hybris are far too rigid and prevent organizations from delivering innovative new experiences. After initially partnering with Stance for the beta launch of the In-Store Self Checkout solution in late 2018, and following with Deckers Brands using the Pop-up Event Self Checkout solution for several marathons, Moltin is now making both of these solutions globally available so all brands and retailers can deliver an Amazon Go-style shopping experience.Benefits to consumers:Benefits to Brands and Retailers:\"It's important to us that every aspect of the Stance store journey upholds our brand standards and creates an excellent experience for our guests.\" said Paul Zaengle, Executive Vice President of Direct-to-Consumer at Stance. \"Our Self Checkout solution allows guests to choose a fast, convenient alternative to waiting in line to pay. And it enables our store team to spend more time educating our guests on our quality and innovation, instead of being stuck behind a point of sale device.\"Unlike other Self Checkout solutions that require consumers to download an app, the Moltin-powered Self Checkout solutions are based on a progressive web application optimized for mobile browsers, which means an easy, frictionless experience for consumers. The customer simply scans a QR code or navigates to a short URL from their phone, scans the barcodes on product tags, then completes the checkout using Apple Pay, Google Pay, or a credit card. On the backend, Moltin powers both Self Checkout solutions with APIs that submit product information to the application, create the cart, add products, and process the checkout. The API backend allows the solution to integrate seamlessly with third-party systems, as well as connecting to existing catalogs, payment gateways, and POS systems, allowing retailers to manage store catalogs, inventory, and order processing with their existing systems.To learn more about these new Self Checkout solutions, click here or join a live \u201cAsk Me Anything\u201d on Tuesday, April 2nd, at 11:30am EST / 8:30am PST, where you can ask your Self Checkout questions live.About MoltinMoltin provides the only Commerce unPlatform, delivered as Headless Commerce APIs and designed with the flexibility and speed to give builders what they want - complete control to build and deliver commerce their way. Hundreds of the world\u2019s most innovative brands and retailers use Moltin to deliver the most innovative consumer experiences imaginable - spanning projects such as modern commerce websites, self checkout, IoT commerce, in-store kiosks, social media commerce, voice-enabled commerce, and more. If you are a builder looking to innovate, deliver ROI quickly, and you won\u2019t settle for rigid, cookie-cutter commerce experiences, then Moltin is the right partner for you. To learn more visit Moltin.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190327005311/en/SOURCE: MoltinMoltin\nLeanne Clegg\nleanne@moltin.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Moltin Democratizes \u201cAmazon Go\u201d Shopping Experience for Every Brand and Retailer"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazons-stock-heads-for-4th-straight-gain-7th-gain-in-8-sessions-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 10:03 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/voice-summit-2019-announces-initial-speakers-and-sponsors-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 10:41 a.m. ET", "article": "March 14, 2019 (ACCESSWIRE via COMTEX) -- Amazon Alexa, Microsoft, Voices.com, Pindrop Security and Applause lead a strong lineup of industry partners at the industry's largest conversational AI development, design and marketing conference;Executives from Amazon Alexa, Viacom, The New York Times, BBC, Mercedes Benz and Johnson & Johnson Innovation are scheduled to speakNEWARK, NJ / ACCESSWIRE / March 14, 2019 / Amazon Alexa, Viacom, the New York Times and BBC have been announced as featured speakers at VOICE Summit 2019. With support from Diamond Sponsor Amazon Alexa, and Platinum Partners, Voices.com and Microsoft, voice technology leaders from around the world will assemble at the New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT) from July 22 - 25, 2019 for the nation's largest multi-day voice-first conference.VOICE Summit 2019 will convene more than 5,000 developers, designers, C-level executives, leading brands and agencies that are reimagining how society interacts with technology through voice. With 150 breakout sessions, keynotes and executive panels, attendees are presented with firsthand access to the foremost pioneers behind breakthroughs in development, design, monetization, and user experience.Among this year's speakers are: Mark Mezrich, vice president of product management, emerging products at Viacom; Kourtney Bitterly, lead for research and development at the New York Times, and Cris De Luca, global director of digital innovation at Johnson & Johnson Innovation will be among the speakers featured.Keynotes, executive panels and breakout sessions will be organized across more than 15 topic areas from software development to smart homes, cities, healthcare, fintech, entertainment, accessibility and more.The inaugural VOICE Summit in 2018 was the first and only event with a singular focus on voice technology. Innovators at the forefront of this emerging industry, representing companies like Amazon, Prudential, Panasonic, Mitsubishi Electric Research Laboratories (MERL), Intuit, Johnson & Johnson Innovation, and Comcast, articulated the breakthrough ideas that dictate voice technology's present and future.\"Delivering the opening keynote at the inaugural event was something I will never forget, and I look forward to returning to the stage as a featured speaker for VOICE 2019,\" said Amazon Alexa and Echo Chief Evangelist, David Isbitski.Isbitski, who will return to the VOICE Summit as a speaker, is recognized for having fostered the development of numerous technology platforms, frameworks and programming languages across the spectrum of voice devices at both Microsoft and Amazon.Joining the NJIT on the VOICE Host Committee are the City of Newark, Greater Newark Convention and Visitors Bureau, The Newark Community Economic Development Council and several leaders from the region's technology ecosystem.Juniper estimates that there are more than 3.25Billion voice enabled devices in circulation today and that voice enabled commerce will exceed $80B by 2023. Savvy marketers are starting to embrace voice technology as a new channel for brands to engage their target audience. In one survey of small business marketers in Small Biz Trends, almost 50% of respondents believe that voice marketing can be a valuable asset to their company, and 26% said their marketing budget is changing to accommodate these voice channels.''Last year's VOICE Summit was an overwhelming success thanks to a very engaged voice-first community, and we expect an even greater response for 2019,'' said Modev CEO, Pete Erickson. ''VOICE Summit is the epicenter for voice technology as a single destination for engaging developers, marketers, investors, as well as potential customers from markets including retail, healthcare, transportation, marketing, higher education and government.''Speaking abstracts will be accepted until 11:59 EST on March 15, 2019. To access speaker applications, visit https://www.voicesummit.ai/speaker-cfp.To secure one of the remaining sponsorship opportunities for VOICE Summit 2019, or for additional information, please visit www.VoiceSummit.ai.Follow us on Twitter at @voicesummitai.For members of the media, please contact Mostafa Razzak at 202.904.2048 or m.razzak@jmrconnect.net to secure credentials.About Modev:Modev was founded by Pete Erickson in 2008 on the simple belief that human connection is vital in the era of digital transformation. Today, Modev leverages exponential technologies and methods to build communities at scale, manage transformation strategies and produce market/leading events such as VOICE Summit, sponsored by Amazon Alexa, and Spinnaker Summit, sponsored by Netflix. Modev also curates specialty communities such as Voicehacks, Machinery.ai and Security by Design. Modev staff, better known as \"Modevators,\" include more than 45 community building and transformation experts from around the world.About VOICE Summit 2019:VOICE is a multi-day summit at the forefront of natural language processing, sponsored by Amazon Alexa and hosted by Modev. The 2019 Summit will be held at the New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT) on July 22-26, 2019 and serve as a gathering place for more than 5000 developers, designers, C-level executives, leading brands and agencies who are reimagining how we interact with technology through voice. The program will consist of keynotes, breakout sessions, workshops and an Awards dinner recognizing the best in voice applications across 12 different categories. Host Committee includes NJIT, City of Newark, Greater Newark Convention and Visitors Bureau and The Newark Community Economic Development Council. www.voicesummit.ai. Additionally, VOICE is working with corporate partners to ensure that more than 1000 students and professionals from traditionally marginalized groups in tech have scholarships to attend the event. This will include mentorships, career opportunities, educational experiences, networking and much more.CONTACTMostafa RazzakJMRConnect202-904-2048m.razzak@jmrconnect.netSOURCE: VOICE SUMMIT 2019View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/539040/VOICE-Summit-2019-Announces-Initial-Speakers-and-SponsorsCopyright 2019 ACCESSWIRE", "title": "VOICE Summit 2019 Announces Initial Speakers and Sponsors"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/these-people-left-their-jobs-behind-to-retire-early-then-life-got-in-the-way-heres-how-they-coped-with-fire-plans-gone-wrong-2018-11-29": {"date": "Mar 23, 2019 1:33 p.m. ET", "article": "Gwen Merz, 28, is doing something she thought she\u2019d never have to do again: hunt for a job.Earlier in her 20s, she set a goal to \u201cretire\u201d from full-time work at age 35, but she later decided to move that date up to 27.She wasn\u2019t going to \u201cretire\u201d completely, but work flexibly after quitting her job. At that time, she planned to move to Minneapolis to be with her boyfriend. She saved more than $130,000 in a 401(k), about $25,000 in a Roth IRA and kept $20,000 in cash. She also had about $5,000 in a taxable investment account and $10,000 in a health savings account. She also hoped to access a pension she had been entitled to.To supplement her savings, she planned to rent out a property she purchased. She also co-hosts a podcast, freelances doing content management and sells craft items on an Etsy store.She took the leap into \u201cfinancial independence\u201d in March 2017, \u201cecstatic\u201d to experience her new freedom.But life had other plans.The rental property was too complicated to manage from far away. She found that she hated freelancing. Because of some technicalities, she wasn\u2019t able to access her pension yet. There were fewer bites than expected on her Etsy projects. And she and her boyfriend broke up.Now, she\u2019s living with her parents until she finds a new, full-time job, back in the IT world where she started.But she doesn\u2019t regret her choices, she said.\u201cAt the beginning, I had to evaluate the risks,\u201d she said. \u201cI knew the worst-case scenario is that we would break up, I move out and move in with my parents \u2026 I was able to do that because I don\u2019t have anybody depending on me. I can take these risks knowing I\u2019m only affecting myself.\u201dWhat\u2019s more, she learned that she doesn\u2019t actually want to \u201cretire\u201d \u2014 at least not yet.\u201cI\u2019ve learned a lot about myself and the world and what I need in a relationship and what makes me happy and fulfilled in a job,\u201d she said. \u201cFor all of those things, I\u2019m grateful, even if my plans didn\u2019t go the way I wanted them to.\u201dMerz isn\u2019t alone. The idea of \u201cFIRE\u201d, which stands for \u201cfinancial independence, retire early\u201d \u2014 has gained traction in the past several years. Many members of the movement live frugally to meet their goals, including biking instead of driving a car, limiting the amount they spend on food and travel and even producing their own food and clothing themselves. They connect online, through forums and Facebook groups, to encourage one another in their progress.But it\u2019s risky. Before \u201cretirement,\u201d many members of the FIRE movement are working full time jobs \u2014 often lucrative ones \u2014 but they leave all that behind in order to live off their savings for decades.Read: Why does the early-retirement movement have so many haters?And it doesn\u2019t always work out that way.Mr. Money Mustache is largely credited with popularizing the idea of \u201cearly retirement\u201d and encouraging others to spend less in order to work less, too. He was able to retire in his 30s, thanks to a cheap lifestyle, index-fund investing and investing in rental real estate.He lays out the amount one needs to retire early on his website: There\u2019s no magic amount because it varies by person.Aspiring retirees must calculate how much money they take home each year and how much they can live on. They should assume 5% investment returns after inflation during their saving years, he says. And they can plan on a 4% \u201csafe withdrawal rate\u201d in retirement, with some flexibility at times. They should also create a \u201csafety margin,\u201d he said, in case anything unexpected happens.Financial commentator Suze Orman has said she \u201chates\u201d the early retirement movement because most people don\u2019t save enough.Early retirees should actually save upward of $5 million to be on the safe side, Orman said. (And of course, members of the \u201cFIRE\u201d community disagreed.)But unexpected events do happen, and that\u2019s why planning how much you\u2019ll need in retirement is so difficult \u2014 at any age, said Rachel Podnos, an attorney and financial adviser based in Washington, D.C.\u201cEven people who are relatively sophisticated financially underestimate how much they\u2019re going to need,\u201d she said. Between health care, family responsibilities and housing costs, retirement can be expensive \u2014 and not always in the ways you\u2019re anticipating, she said.And going back to work like Merz did may not always be easy, Podnos said.\u201cExplaining to your employer you have this gap in your resume because you decided to retire \u2026 I feel like you would have to come up with a really good spin on that.\u201dThat said, \u201cearly retirement\u201d doesn\u2019t always mean leaving the workforce \u2014 some \u201cFIRE\u201d movement members plan to still work, but won\u2019t need to rely on their full-time incomes any more, said Alison Norris, a certified financial planner and advice strategist at the personal-finance company SoFi.Some members of the \u201cFIRE\u201d community opened up about ways their retirement isn\u2019t going as expected. Here are just a few of their stories.Alli and Matt Owen, a married couple who are 28 and 29, discovered the \u201cFIRE\u201d movement about four years ago. At the time, they were living in Bakersfield, Calif., working in the oil-and-gas industry and making a combined $250,000 a year. They decided to \u201cretire\u201d in 10 years, from when they found out what \u201cFIRE\u201d was.\u201cWe didn\u2019t like where we were living and thought of the FI movement as a way to have more freedom,\u201d Alli said. Their goal: Save $1.2 million by then, so they could live off $40,000 a year for the rest of their lives.But they both began to struggle with mental health issues including anxiety and depression, and decided to leave their jobs earlier than planned, never reaching that $1.2 million goal. Instead, they left work in April 2018 with a combined net worth of $600,000, to travel around the U.S. for about six months.The day before they left, they got some bad news. Their computer had been hacked. And along with it, $17,000 worth of cryptocurrency they bought was gone, too.\u201cIt was really hard,\u201d Matt said. \u201cIt was my responsibility to make sure it was safe, and I didn\u2019t do that.\u201d\u201cThere was a lot of self-doubt, like, \u2018Did we make the right decision leaving our jobs?\u2019\u201d Alli said. \u201cIs this a sign we\u2019re going the wrong direction?\u201dUltimately, they still took their trip. The $17,000 wasn\u2019t enough to completely derail their plans. But it did put stress on their relationship, they said.The Owens don\u2019t know what their futures will hold and whether $600,000 will be enough to support it. For one thing, they want to have children, and they\u2019re not completely sure how much that will cost.So to make a little more income, they\u2019ve started two businesses: one to coach others on their finances and another selling a food product for the ketogenic diet.They\u2019re not too worried, Matt said.\u201cThere are other people in the movement who have families,\u201d he said. \u201cThey\u2019re not very materialistic, they\u2019re not buying a lot of toys and gadgets \u2026 we think kids need a lot of time with us, and that\u2019s the most important.\u201dLiz, a 38-year-old mother of three boys in Connecticut, has always been interested in personal finance, she says. She wasn\u2019t sure exactly when she could retire, but hoped to meet some level of financial independence by the time she was in her mid-50s.To meet that goal, she has not only been a diligent saver, but she also pursued an M.B.A. while working full time, she said. Her habits came in handy six years ago, when her husband almost died of septic shock: an infection that has made it difficult for him to work since.Now, the family\u2019s retirement plan is almost entirely dependent on Liz, a scenario she never expected when she was in her 20s, she says. She worries about others pursuing \u201cFIRE\u201d while relying on remaining in perfect health, or needing the income of a partner, she says.She especially cautions those who may have a plan for health and disability insurance, but don\u2019t factor in additional costs like adapting the home for a disabled family member, or needing to purchase special clothing or foods for them.\u201cThe folks whose plans are based on nothing going wrong, they\u2019ve had nothing serious happen to them or people close to them,\u201d she said. \u201cUnfortunately, life isn\u2019t like that. Some of us learn it the hard way.\u201dWilliam McVey, a 45-year-old living in Mason, Ohio, and his wife Amber wanted to retire early even before it was trendy.The plan: Once their twin boys were grown up, they would be able to travel as empty nesters. William is a software engineer, and Amber worked in biotech until she became pregnant with their sons. They devoted her entire salary to savings and lived off William\u2019s income alone.But in 2009 years ago, she was diagnosed with breast cancer. Initially, she recovered and lived cancer free. But the cancer returned in 2012, and she died five years ago. Now, William is solely responsible for caring for their twin boys, who are now 16 years old and both struggle with autism.The couple made some smart choices before Amber\u2019s diagnosis and eventual passing, William says. They both had life insurance. Now that Amber\u2019s policy has been cashed, he has earmarked those savings for his sons, but is still able to work flexibly.\u201cI reached my \u2018FIRE\u2019 numbers in the worst possible way,\u201d he said.He continued to work after Amber\u2019s death, but felt he was not spending enough time with their boys. That\u2019s why he works more flexibly now, doing freelance work instead of a full-time role.His advice for those planning to retire along with a partner: Share everything, including passwords to your financial accounts and an overall savings strategy.Talk about what you\u2019ll do in case of divorce or death, way in advance, he says. During Amber\u2019s illness, they never wanted to talk about death, what William calls \u201cgoing to the dark place.\u201d\u201cI don\u2019t necessarily regret that, but we should have had these conversations,\u201d he says.A blogger who goes by \u201cMrs. Simply FI\u201d, 27, and her husband, 31, have a single income of just $26,000 for their family of five.They work at a camp in the southwest United States: the husband maintains the camp\u2019s computer system, and the wife takes care of their children, while occasionally picking up cleaning shifts and doing freelance photography. But with the job comes free housing, free internet, medical care and free food during the summer months.In the next several years, they plan to buy a school bus and renovate it into a \u201ctiny home,\u201d where they will live with their three children. During that time, the husband may be able to work remotely in IT, but the family will be completely mobile.They are evangelical Christians, and they hope to pursue various ministries in their \u201cretirement.\u201d Being financially independent will help them with that, they said.\u201cOur faith really teaches us that we should be able to leave a legacy for our kids, and for other people too,\u201d Mrs. Simply FI says.But of course, it isn\u2019t so easy.One of their children is 3 years old and has some special needs, for which he needs occupational and speech therapy. And they\u2019re hoping to add more children to their family through adoption.In fact, they recently welcomed a foster child into their home, so they are taking care of four children on the same salary that supported three. That will delay \u201cFIRE\u201d for the family. But that\u2019s OK, Mrs. Simply FI says.\u201cThe whole point for us is not to achieve a certain number. It\u2019s to build a life for ourselves and our children that is satisfying and reaches the goals that we have,\u201d she said. \u201cPart of that for us is that we love our children and children in general. If we have an opportunity to adopt a child it\u2019s worth it to us to move our date by a year or two to build a life that we\u2019re wanting.\u201dTime will tell whether they\u2019re able to \u201cretire,\u201d she says. Right now, they\u2019re taking the steps to make it happen, including putting more than half of their income toward remaining student loan debt.And having a nest egg will benefit the family, even if complete retirement isn\u2019t possible, she says.Unexpected expenses \u201cwould pop up anyway,\u201d she says. \u201cAt least we\u2019d be in a better position when they do happen.\u201dNo matter what age you\u2019re planning to retire, spend time beforehand imagining what you want your life to look like, Norris of SoFi said. That will help you \u201cassign a price tag to your retirement goal,\u201d she said.And if you save too little, it doesn\u2019t have to be a disaster.You may be able to re-enter the workforce. You may have to reduce your spending as much as you can. Homeowners might have to consider a reverse mortgage, which means converting part of your home equity to cash.Just consider the unknowns that could come up, including market volatility, long-term care needs and any changes in the tax code that could come up, Norris said.And if you\u2019re like Merz, you can take it in stride.\u201cI didn\u2019t need anyone to tell me, \u2018I told you so,\u2019\u201d Merz said. \u201cThis was something I needed to come to myself. All in all, people have been really supportive.\u201d", "title": "These people left their jobs behind to retire early \u2014 then life got in the way. Here\u2019s how they coped with FIRE plans gone wrong"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/stocks-took-a-big-hit-friday-and-these-shares-fell-the-most-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 24, 2019 9:25 a.m. ET", "article": "Only one day after crystal-clear dovish signals by the Federal Reserve helped push stocks higher, fear of a recession sent bond prices soaring and stock prices tumbling.The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.20%  sank 460 points, or 1.8%, to close at 25,502.32 Friday, while the S&P 500 SPX, +0.07%  slumped 1.9% and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.03%  fared even worse, sliding 2.5%.While it can never say it expects a recession, the Federal Open Market Committee\u2019s two policy announcements on Wednesday \u2014 to leave the federal-funds rate unchanged while planning to stop the shrinkage of the Federal Reserve\u2019s bond portfolio at the end of September \u2014 seemed to spook investors. But Thursday, those same announcements and the lower interest rates they implied had helped lift stock prices.The bond market sent a prerecession signal on Friday, as the yield on 10-year U.S. Treasury notes TMUBMUSD10Y, -1.61%  skidded 10 basis points to 2.44%. That put it lower than the 2.46% yield on 3-month Treasury bills TMUBMUSD03M, +0.41%  \u2014 the first time since 2007.Here\u2019s how all 30 components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average performed on Friday, sorted from worst to best:Among S&P 500 companies, 85% saw their shares decline on Friday. Here are the day\u2019s 10 worst performers:Here are the day\u2019s 10 worst performers among the Nasdaq-100 NDX, +0.07% :Don\u2019t miss: MarketWatch\u2019s weekend roundupCreate an email alert for Philip van Doorn\u2019s Deep Dive columns here.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Stocks took a big hit Friday, and these shares fell the most"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/cancel-brexit-petition-tops-record-4-million-signatures-crashing-website-at-least-twice-2019-03-23": {"date": "Mar 23, 2019 3:03 p.m. ET", "article": "A petition on British Parliament\u2019s website to stop Brexit and remain in the European Union topped 4,400,000 signatures on Saturday, one of the fastest-growing on record with traffic bringing down the site at least twice.\u201cThe government repeatedly claims exiting the EU is \u2018the will of the people,\u2019\u201d the petition reads. \u201cWe need to put a stop to this claim by proving the strength of public support now, for remaining in the EU. A People\u2019s Vote may not happen \u2014 so vote now.\u201dThe call for Prime Minister Theresa May to revoke Article 50 is now one of the most popular petitions ever on Parliament\u2019s site, surpassing 2016\u2019s petition calling for a second referendum on Brexit and crashing the site early Thursday morning as traffic spiked. In order for Parliament to take it up for debate, a petition has to collect more than 100,000 signatures.\u201cBetween 80,000 and 100,000 people have been simultaneously viewing the petition to revoke article 50,\u201d the Parliament\u2019s petition committee said on Twitter. \u201cNearly 2,000 signatures are being completed every minute. The rate of signing is the highest the site has ever had to deal with and we have had to make some changes to ensure the site remains stable and open for signatures and new petitions.\u201dSee also: Brexit Brief: Europe throws Theresa May, and the U.K., a lifelineThe question of whether the government petition had become overpowered by bots began surfacing online. The petition\u2019s email registration process would likely prevent that from happening, cyber-security experts told BBC News.As the number of signatures continued to grow, the petition\u2019s creator, Margaret Georgiadou, said Saturday she had received death threats over the phone and announced she was closing her Facebook account.The petition milestone comes just days before March 29, when Britain was originally scheduled to split from the European Union, and as over 1 million anti-Brexit demonstrators flooded the streets of London, calling for a new referendum on whether to leave the EU.London Mayor Sadiq Khan tweeted a video of himself joining the demonstrators on Saturday, writing, \u201cEnough is enough\u201d and \u201cNo matter how you voted, I\u2019m sure you\u2019ll agree \u2014 Brexit is a complete and utter mess.\u201dVince Cable, a leader of the Liberal Democrat party, also tweeted from the front lines of the march, describing a \u201chuge turnout of people here from all walks of life, of all ages and from all over the country.\u201dMay has signaled to members of Parliament that a third vote on her Brexit withdrawal plan might not happen next week if she can\u2019t find support. If it doesn\u2019t pass, April 12 would be the next deadline for the U.K. to \u201cindicate a path forward.\u201d Her previous two plans were both rejected by Parliament.See also: French President Macron says Brexit is a \u2018political lesson\u2019 for EUWant news about Europe delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Europe Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "\u2018Cancel Brexit\u2019 petition tops record 4 million signatures, crashing website at least twice"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/games-maker-stocks-fall-a-bit-further-after-apple-arcade-game-subscription-service-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 2:13 p.m. ET", "article": "Shares of games makers took an afternoon hit Monday, after Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.89% introduced a new game subscription service called Apple Arcade. Shares of Activision Blizzard Inc. ATVI, -1.22% fell 0.7%, after being little changed ahead of the announcement; Electronic Arts Inc. EA, -1.27% as down 1.3%, after being down about 0.7% ahead of the announcement; and Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. ATVI, -1.22% eased 0.5%, after being little changed before the announcement. GameStop Corp.'s stock GME, -0.77% gave up 3.2%, but was down 2.4% ahead of the Apple Arcade announcement. Meanwhile, Apple shares shed 1.8% to pace the Dow Jones Industrial Average's DJIA, +0.04% decliners.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Games maker stocks fall a bit further after Apple Arcade game subscription service"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/heres-how-the-mueller-report-could-roil-the-stock-market-2019-03-23": {"date": "Mar 23, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "The president endorsed the public release of Special Counsel Robert Mueller\u2019s report on possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russian election meddling. Here\u2019s what it would take for investors to take notice. See full story.A closely watched measure of the yield curve inverted Friday, underlining worries about economic growth and rattling the stock market. But investors might be pushing the panic button a bit prematurely. See full story.The falling 30-year mortgage rate could reverse and hit 6% in the second half of next year despite big constraints on demand among home buyers. See full story.Mark Zuckerberg, the co-founder and chief executive of Facebook Inc., seems increasingly alone at the top of his company with the departure of two key executives last week, after his privacy pivot. See full story.Pinterest Inc. losses are narrowing as revenue nearly doubled, according to the company\u2019s initial public offering documents filed late Friday. See full story.A new study has something to say about the toll of workplace automation. See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Midday Report newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Here\u2019s how the Mueller report could roil the stock market"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/heres-how-the-mueller-report-could-roil-the-stock-market-2019-03-24": {"date": "Mar 24, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "The president endorsed the public release of Special Counsel Robert Mueller\u2019s report on possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russian election meddling. Here\u2019s what it would take for investors to take notice. See full story.A closely watched measure of the yield curve inverted Friday, underlining worries about economic growth and rattling the stock market. But investors might be pushing the panic button a bit prematurely. See full story.The falling 30-year mortgage rate could reverse and hit 6% in the second half of next year despite big constraints on demand among home buyers. See full story.Mark Zuckerberg, the co-founder and chief executive of Facebook Inc., seems increasingly alone at the top of his company with the departure of two key executives last week, after his privacy pivot. See full story.A petition to stop Brexit hits a milestone on the same day over 1 million anti-Brexit protesters flood London streets, demanding a new vote. See full story.\u2018Forget Occupy Wall Street, maybe Occupy Madison Avenue is a better idea.\u2019 See full story.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Here\u2019s how the Mueller report could roil the stock market"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-exec-to-head-unilevers-beauty-business-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 7:57 a.m. ET", "article": "Unilever PLC has appointed an Amazon.com Inc. executive to run its beauty and personal-care business, tapping an industry veteran with expertise in a broad range of consumer products and e-commerce to lead its biggest division.The owner of Dove soap and Ben & Jerry's ice cream said Tuesday that Sunny Jain, currently Amazon's head of consumables, would begin his new role in June. Mr. Jain replaces Alan Jope who was recently promoted to be Unilever's chief executive.Unilever has steadily shifted its focus toward high-growth personal-care products and, more recently, beauty lines. Last year, the company's beauty and personal-care division generated 41% of group sales.That expansion has been helped by a string of acquisitions of high-end skin-care brands, including lines that appeal to specific ethnic groups and feature natural ingredients. Last year, among other deals, Unilever invested in Italian face-cream maker Equilibra and bought U.S.-based deodorant business Schmidt's Naturals.Unilever has also been working to soup-up its digital capabilities in manufacturing, distribution and marketing. It has set up digital hubs to create data-driven campaigns and has an in-house studio for digital marketing. Earlier this year, Unilever said e-commerce represented over 5% of its business and was growing strongly.Mr. Jope said Mr. Jain's experience with consumer products and online retail made him well-suited to the role.While at Amazon, Mr. Jain was responsible for health, personal care, beauty, grocery and baby products, among others. He joined the online giant in 2013 after 16 years at Procter & Gamble Company where he worked in new business creation, marketing, sales and information technology.Amazon, which started out life as a seller of books, has become a consumer goods powerhouse, with analysts estimating the site offers more than 100 of its own brands.Those include the AmazonBasics brand, which makes everything from suitcases to batteries, the Happy Belly brand of foods and the Mama Bear baby-products brand.Recently, Amazon has asked consumer-goods companies to create brands exclusively for it, a move that would further increase its foothold in the industry. The Seattle-based company has also doubled down on beauty. The Wall Street Journal reported in March that the e-commerce giant plans to launch urban grocery stores that could offer beauty products alongside food.Write to Saabira Chaudhuri at saabira.chaudhuri@wsj.com", "title": "Amazon exec to head Unilever's beauty business"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/training-magazine-ranks-2019-training-top-125-organizations-2019-02-26": {"date": "Feb 26, 2019 12:01 p.m. ET", "article": "EXCELSIOR, Minn., Feb. 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Retailers flexed their training muscle on the 2019 Training Top 125, with Dollar General Corporation, LLC, earning the top spot and Best Buy ranking third. Leading Real Estate Companies of the World (#2), Nationwide (#4), and BNSF Railway Co. (#5) rounded out the Top 5.Now in its 19th year, the Training Top 125 is the only awards program that ranks companies unsurpassed in harnessing human capital. The Top 125 ranking is determined by assessing a range of qualitative and quantitative factors, including financial investment in employee training and development, the scope of training programs, how closely training and development efforts are linked to business goals and objectives, and their effectiveness in terms of business impact.Training magazine recognized the 2019 Training Top 125 winners with crystal awards and revealed their rankings during the Training Top 125 Wish Upon a Star Gala held last night during the Training 2019 Conference & Expo at Disney's Coronado Springs Resort in Orlando, FL. The black-tie gala was sponsored by Adobe, Brella, Pelucida, Seiko, and the Training Top 10 Hall of Fame. Adobe provided a special gift for the Gala attendees. Brella spearheaded the event production. Pelucida created the crystal awards. And Seiko served as the official timekeeper of the event and provided keepsake watches and a commemorative clock for the No. 1 winner.Read our March/April issue of Training for the list of 2019 Training Top 125 winners. More information about the Top 125 can be found online here.About Training magazine\nTraining is a 55-year-old professional development magazine written for training, Human Resources, and business management professionals in all industries that advocate training and workforce development as a business tool. Training also produces world-class conferences, expositions, and digital products that focus on job-related, employer-sponsored training and education in the working world. Training is published by Lakewood Media Group.View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/training-magazine-ranks-2019-training-top-125-organizations-300802403.htmlSOURCE Training magazineCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Training magazine Ranks 2019 Training Top 125 Organizations"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nvidia-stock-rallies-to-highest-close-in-four-months-as-convention-unfolds-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 4:07 p.m. ET", "article": "Nvidia Corp. shares rallied Tuesday following the kickoff of the chip maker\u2019s annual convention where the company announced several new partnerships including the placement of new data center chips with Amazon.com Inc.Nvidia NVDA, -1.03%  shares finished up 4% at $175.71 after touching an intraday high of $177.50, for their highest close since mid-November.Additionally, the PHLX Semiconductor Index SOX, -0.78%  closed up 1.3% and shares of rival Advanced Micro Devices Inc. AMD, -2.96%  rallied nearly 12% to finish at $26.00 after Alphabet Inc.\u2019s GOOG, -0.69% GOOGL, -0.63%  Google said AMD chips would power its streaming videogame service. In comparison, the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.14%  declined less than 0.1% and the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.19%  rose 0.1%.JPMorgan analyst Harlan Sur, who has an overweight rating and a $205 price target on Nvidia, noted that Nvidia Chief Executive Jensen Huang used his keynote to highlight the Santa Clara, Calif.-based company\u2019s ecosystem and hardware platforms, unlike in prior years when it highlighted a new chip architecture.Citing the adoption of Amazon Web Services AMZN, -0.43%  for the company\u2019s T4 chips, Sur said he continues \u201cto believe Nvidia is building a vast pipeline of inference design wins leveraging its T4 GPU and TensorFlow framework.\u201dWith the slow adoption of Nvidia\u2019s new Turing-based chipsets for gaming and inventory issues with older chips, Sur pointed the company\u2019s break into cloud-based gaming with GeForce NOW as a way to drive adoption of the newer chips, which perform real-time ray tracing functions, or realistic light and shadow rending. Huang said late Monday that GeForce NOW has 300,000 beta users, and a waiting list of more than 1 million, with 15 datacenters of RTX-based servers and partnerships with Softbank 9984, +0.09%  and LG U+ 003550, +1.82%Sur called the arrangement \u201canother example of the team using its silicon leadership/systems and software expertise/industry partnerships to drive its technology into new market opportunities.\u201dStifel analyst Kevin Cassidy, who has a hold rating and a $150 price target, pointed to Huang bringing out Mellanox Technologies Ltd. MLNX, -0.24%  CEO Eyal Waldman on stage at the keynote as a way to emphasize the importance of high speed networks in AI applications. Last week, Nvidia offered nearly $7 billion to acquire Mellanox.\u201cThe increased processing of data is causing exponential growth of East/West traffic, or traffic between servers within the data center,\u201d Cassidy said. \u201cAs a result, lower latency and the ability to offload workloads from the CPUs to accelerators and the network becomes essential as the data center, or network, acts as a single heterogenous computer. The company noted this as the key driver behind its proposed acquisition of Mellanox, which it announced last week.\u201dMizuho analyst Vijay Rakesh, who has a buy rating and a $195 price target on Nvidia, said in a recent note that he expects that 80% to 90% of Nvidia\u2019s old GTX chipsets have been cleared and that inventories are returning to normal.Of the 38 analysts who cover Nvidia, 23 have buy or overweight ratings, 12 have hold ratings, and three have sell or underweight ratings, with an average price target of $177.53.Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Tech Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Nvidia stock rallies to highest close in four months as convention unfolds"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/standard-bank-group-selects-aws-as-its-preferred-cloud-provider-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 2:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company AMZN, -0.27% announced that Standard Bank Group has selected AWS as its preferred cloud provider with the intention of migrating its production workloads, including its customer facing platforms and strategic core banking applications to the cloud. Standard Bank Group will leverage AWS services, including data analytics and machine learning, to automate financial operations and enhance customer facing web and mobile applications. The migration to AWS will take place across all business units, subject to approvals from local regulators, including Personal Banking, Wealth, Corporate Investment Banking, and Insurance, driving a more personalized banking and investment experience for customers.Standard Bank Group chose AWS because of its broad and deep portfolio of cloud services, overall commitment to security excellence, and strong financial services experience. The South African Reserve Bank also confirmed Standard Bank Group can make the move to AWS while still meeting all current compliance requirements. Standard Bank Group will take advantage of advanced analytics and machine learning services, including Amazon SageMaker, to advance fraud detection and launch new business initiatives, such as machine learning-based advisor capabilities that will help customers make more informed financial decisions. As part of the move, an AWS Cloud Center of Excellence will be established within the bank, featuring a dedicated team focused on facilitating the migration to the cloud and building AWS training and certification programs to up-skill all employees. AWS and Standard Bank Group will also collaborate on building an education and digital skills program, to be launched across Southern Africa, to train the next generation of African cloud experts.\u201cOur vision is to be Africa\u2019s leading financial services organization and to achieve this we have chosen to work with the world\u2019s leading cloud,\u201d said Sim Tshabalala, Group CEO of Standard Bank. \u201cFor Standard Bank Group to remain a leader in African financial services, we recognize we need to adopt a cloud-first approach to our business. AWS Cloud technology will create a springboard for Standard Bank Group, helping us to rapidly roll out our digitization and data strategy to better cater to customers whose needs are constantly evolving. The combination of AWS\u2019s rapid agility and high levels of security, combined with Standard Bank\u2019s customer obsession and desire to constantly raise the bar, will allow us to build Africa\u2019s financial services organization of the future and to be positioned as more than a bank.\u201d\u201cThe cloud is transforming the financial services industry as organizations look for new ways to enhance customer experiences, and power their entire enterprise operations more efficiently and effectively on the world\u2019s leading cloud,\u201d said Andy Jassy, CEO of AWS. \u201cStandard Bank Group has been a trusted financial institution for more than 150 years. We look forward to working closely with them as they become Africa\u2019s first bank in the cloud, leveraging AWS to innovate new services at a faster clip, maintain operational excellence, and provide secure banking services to customers around the world.\u201dAbout Amazon Web ServicesFor 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world\u2019s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 61 Availability Zones (AZs) within 20 geographic regions, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. Millions of customers including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies\u2014trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com.About AmazonAmazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.About Standard Bank GroupStandard Bank Group is the largest African bank by assets with a unique footprint across 20 African countries. Headquartered in Johannesburg, South Africa, we are listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, with share code SBK, and the Namibian Stock Exchange, share code SNB.Standard Bank has a 156-year history in South Africa and started building a franchise outside southern Africa in the early 1990s.Our strategic position, which enables us to connect Africa to other select emerging markets as well as pools of capital in developed markets, and our balanced portfolio of businesses, provide significant opportunities for growth.The group has more than 53000 employees, approximately 1 200 branches and over 9 000 ATMs on the African continent, which enable it to deliver a complete range of services across personal and business banking, corporate and investment banking and wealth management.Headline earnings for 2018 were R27.9 billion (about USD2.1 billion) and total assets were R2.1 trillion (about USD148 billion). Standard Bank\u2019s market capitalisation at 31 December 2018 was R289 billion (USD20 billion).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190326006027/en/SOURCE: Amazon Web Services, Inc.Amazon.com, Inc.\nMedia Hotline\nAmazon-pr@amazon.com\nwww.amazon.com/prCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Standard Bank Group Selects AWS as Its Preferred Cloud Provider"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/american-pie-singer-don-mclean-has-made-150-million-in-his-career-heres-what-hes-done-with-it-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 10:38 a.m. ET", "article": "In 1971, Don McLean released the album \u201cAmerican Pie,\u201d and the title song became one of the most famous \u2014 and successful \u2014 ever made. It came out at a time of major political and social upheaval in America, and captured a feeling of loss. The song runs for over eight minutes, and is No. 5 on the list of best songs of the 20th century. Now 73, McLean talked with MarketWatch about his most famous song, and a wide range of other topics, including money, stardom, and the music business today.McLean says he\u2019s made $150 million in his career, and that his degree in finance (from Iona College in 1968) and his smart business manager helped him make the money last \u2014 and grow. He looks to make 6% a year on his money, so he owns a lot of bonds, and only two stocks. McLean, who has been married twice and has two children, hates the idea of being in debt, and buys everything with cash \u2014 including the four homes he\u2019s owned.He\u2019s curious about the markets and at one point in the interview said, \u201cI want to ask you something. In a relatively short time, the stock market has gone from like 18000 to 25000. Don\u2019t people think that\u2019s a little strange? It\u2019s shocking.\u201d He then said: \u201cWhen I grew up, gold was $35 an ounce and pegged to the dollar. Everything was slow and steady. Government bonds under President Carter, if you went out 30 years you could get like 20%! Do you remember that? Imagine getting 20%, locking that in for 30 years? I\u2019d do that in a minute.\u201dRead on to hear more from the man who wrote an anthem that represented a whole generation.MarketWatch: What\u2019s the best financial advice you\u2019ve been given?Don McLean: A guy named James Benenson Jr., who was a very wealthy man and was once my business agent, told me, \u2018Don\u2019t ever invest in anything that you don\u2019t like and understand.\u2019 If you enjoy it and understand it and analytically it is a good investment, that\u2019s a great thing. Then your money\u2019s doing something that is pleasant for you. It\u2019s not just a number.I mostly am a bond investor. I have two stocks: Google GOOG, -0.24% GOOGL, -0.19%  and Amazon AMZN, -0.05%  , and that\u2019s all. And I plan to hold those because they are the government, as far as I can see. I\u2019ll probably add to those as we go along. I\u2019ve earned maybe $150 million in my career, and that\u2019s not too bad. And of course taxes were very high in the 1970s \u2014 probably 70% or something like that. What I was trying to do was not lose the money that I had worked hard for. Back in the \u201870s I had a lot of 5 and 6 and 7% governments and of course as rates came down I made money. Then, we hit 2008 and it was just a mess and I took everything I had out of governments and invested them all in corporate bonds. Really good companies. And that paid off like crazy. Some of my money is still in corporates and some is now in preferred stocks and so I get a little protection against the market and also benefits from the market. And that\u2019s worked nicely. I try to get, like, a 6% return if I can \u2014 5 or 6%. That\u2019s enough for me.MarketWatch: Do you have a financial team that you work with?McLean: No, I work with U.S. Trust in New Jersey and I have a guy there who I\u2019ve worked with for a long time, but I\u2019ve been with U.S. Trust for over 30 years.MarketWatch: Sounds like you\u2019ve made a lot of smart moves.McLean: You know it\u2019s just: slow and steady. That\u2019s how I like it. I bought some properties \u2014 at one point I had four homes. I sold one and I\u2019m going to sell another and then I\u2019ll have two \u2014 one on each coast, that are just incomparable, so I will never sell them. And they\u2019ve gone up a lot. I don\u2019t lend money, and I don\u2019t borrow money. That\u2019s another thing. I don\u2019t have any debts.MarketWatch: What\u2019s your favorite possession?McLean: I have a five-string banjo that was played by Erik Darling in my favorite group, The Weavers, in the 1950s. It was used on many of the records that they made. When I open that up, it\u2019s like \u2018wow!\u2019I\u2019ll tell you a quick story. I knew Erik when I was 16 years old. We became friends on the telephone. And he was very famous because he had the song \u201cWalk Right In\u201d with The Rooftop Singers. And he was kind enough to have me play guitar with him. I took the train in from New Rochelle, hung out with him and played. And I saw this banjo that I knew he used when he was in The Weavers. He said, \u2018why don\u2019t you take it home?\u2019 I said, \u2018oh wow,\u2019 and brought it home and took it apart and cleaned it and loved on it and played it. He didn\u2019t ask for it back, but finally I offered to bring it back to him. He later sold it. Then many, many, many years passed, and all of a sudden the banjo came up for sale, and so I bought it immediately. It\u2019s one of my most prized possessions.MarketWatch: What do you not mind spending a lot of money on?McLean: I\u2019m a bit of an antiquarian. I love antique furniture, architecture. I\u2019m very particular. When I have a home that I\u2019m in love with, I stay in love with it. And I have absolutely no problem doing whatever it takes to make it better and better. And I love doing it.MarketWatch: What do you hate spending money on?McLean: What I hate is to spend money on antique cars and to have them not work. I recently had a 2005 Bentley Arnage. And I loved that car. But that goddamned thing would not work no matter how much money I put into it. That made me mad.MarketWatch: What\u2019s the last great thing you purchased?McLean: A BMW. I don\u2019t know the name of it, but it\u2019s a really nice big sedan. White, very nice. It\u2019s three years old with very low mileage. It\u2019s the best car I\u2019ve ever owned.MarketWatch: Do you make big purchases like that yourself?McLean: I have people who know what I want. Then I just get my bookkeeper to get the funds where they need to go. I\u2019m very minimal. Nobody works for me. I take care of everything. I don\u2019t have any assistants. I like to learn things. I don\u2019t like people telling me things if I can learn what they know. That\u2019s the problem with being a star or a celebrity or a person with a few bucks. You end up being mollycoddled and you don\u2019t know shit. I\u2019ve known stars, artists who literally were made so dependent on a few people, they didn\u2019t know what to do without them. I don\u2019t like that. I\u2019m a very independent lone wolf type of guy.MarketWatch: When you say you\u2019ve made $150 million, was that mostly from royalties?McLean: That would be from publishing money and performing money. Add it all up and it was something like that. And you can imagine, you have all these expenses, and all these people taking percentages and then you have 70% income tax back in the \u201870s. So you were lucky if you ended up with 15%. So if you made a million bucks, and were lucky to do that in 1971, you\u2019d be lucky if you ended up with around $100,000. I was so happy. I made a huge amount of money for that time and I bought a house for $65,000 and had it for almost 30 years. For me, that was it, I could pay the taxes, I had a roof over my head. I had very limited goals.MarketWatch: I read that you\u2019ve had years where you\u2019ve made $300,000 or more in royalties \u2014McLean: \u2014 I always made more than that. A lot more than that.MarketWatch: Even now?McLean: Much more than that.MarketWatch: Is that because you are still working off of existing contracts from years ago?McLean: One of the reasons is because of synchronization licensing. Take a song like \u201cAmerican Pie\u201d and put it in a Chevrolet commercial, or in a movie. With that license you can ask for any amount of money you want. So if Chevrolet GM, -0.01%  wants to use the Rolling Stones\u2019 \u201cStart Me Up\u201d? They can ask for $5 million and Chevy can say no or yes.MarketWatch: Did you use \u201cAmerican Pie\u201d in a commercial?McLean: Oh yeah, twice with Chevrolet.MarketWatch: If you started out today, wouldn\u2019t you make a lot less?McLean: If I started today, I might make a lot more, because I might be better than Ed Sheeran. (laughs)MarketWatch: I often hear that most bands have to tour now to make a lot of money.McLean: That\u2019s the old game in the music business. \u2018Go in the studio and spend a lot of money and make a great record and you\u2019ll make the money on the road.\u2019 And then you put the record out. And they say, \u2018make sure you bring everyone on the road and spend a lot on the show and you\u2019ll sell a lot of records.\u2019 Then it\u2019s possible you don\u2019t make money from either. I was a solo act for many years. I always made money. Just me and a guitar and a banjo.MarketWatch: You came out with an album in 2018 [\u201dBotanical Gardens\u201d]. Are you happy with how much that made?McLean: I made a big advance so I don\u2019t really care how much it makes.MarketWatch: I saw you sold the original transcript for the song \u201cAmerican Pie\u201d in 2015 for $1.2 million. Did you sell other memorabilia?McLean: I have everything else. The lyrics to \u201cVincent,\u201d which are 14 pages. The lyrics to most of my songs. I got in the habit of throwing them in a box. I never thought I\u2019d sell them. I have all kinds of things \u2014 stage clothes, instruments. I\u2019m just sitting on that. If I sold my catalog, I don\u2019t even want to tell you how much it would be worth. A tremendous amount.MarketWatch: Do you like that there\u2019s a lot of mystery around the lyrics to American Pie?McLean: That\u2019s how the song was written. It was written like a dream. You know how \u2014 I had a dream the other day and it was so clear. And I woke up and I remembered everything. And then a little while later I couldn\u2019t remember much. And that\u2019s part of what\u2019s in American Pie. I was shooting for something that was so ethereal. And the idea that what I was after would become as famous as it did is absolutely almost not possible. But it did. I write these songs for me \u2014 not the audience.MarketWatch: Do you plan to ever retire?McLean: If I look pathetic and can\u2019t sing, I\u2019m not gonna go out there. I have my pride. And my vanity. But that\u2019s gonna be tough. It\u2019s everything to me. It\u2019s all I know and all I love to do, and I\u2019m enjoying it enormously.MarketWatch: Tell me about you current tour.McLean: This is an ongoing thing. Been going for over a year \u2014 85 shows last year, with 40 or 50 outside the country. This year we\u2019ll probably do as many, and go to Australia and the Far East. And festival shows in Europe.MarketWatch: When you wrote \u201cAmerican Pie,\u201d did you think of it as an anthem, the way it\u2019s talked about?McLean: I wanted to write a big song about America. And I didn\u2019t want to write \u2018This Land Is Your Land,\u2019 or \u2018The Power and the Glory,\u2019 or \u2018America the Beautiful\u2019 \u2014 those kinds of songs. I wanted to write something that was completely different and modern. And I think I succeeded.MarketWatch: Do you look around at what\u2019s happening today and think about capturing it in a song?McLean: No, I\u2019m not interested in doing that anymore because I did it. The promise of America that was the thing we were all brought up with after WWII was in a lot of trouble in the late 60s and early 70s with the Vietnam War and Nixon and all the corruption, but the hope was still there. We had to get things back on track.Today the corporations and the corporate power, military power have become so enormous, I just \u2014 I suppose the best thing would be another good song because there\u2019s not much you can do anywhere else in the street or in Congress. But if you get a good song going, everybody starts to think about it.This is what Eisenhower warned us about, and it\u2019s happened. He mentioned in a speech the spiritual damage that such an interaction between the military and the corporate world would have \u2014 that is represented by the non-music that we hear, which passes itself off as music. And that is a reflection of people\u2019s souls and how they feel.", "title": "\u2018American Pie\u2019 singer Don McLean has made $150 million in his career \u2014 here\u2019s how he\u2019s invested it"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-prices-eur600-million-senior-notes-offering-2019-03-25-15195759": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 3:07 p.m. ET", "article": "(GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- NEW YORK, March 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nasdaq, Inc. (the \"Company\") NDAQ, +0.37% today announced that it priced a public offering of EUR600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 1.75% senior notes due 2029 (the \"Offering\"). The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the Offering to refinance indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes.J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Merrill Lynch International, Mizuho International plc and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) are acting as joint book-running managers for the Offering. HSBC Bank plc, ICBC Standard Bank Plc, Nordea Bank Abp, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and Wells Fargo Securities International Limited are acting as co-managers for the Offering.The Offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement, previously filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the \"SEC\"). Before investing, you should read the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus, as well as other documents the Company has filed, for a more complete understanding of the Company and the Offering. These documents are available for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.Alternatively, copies may be obtained by contacting J.P. Morgan Securities plc at 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP, United Kingdom, Facsimile: +44 20 3493 0682, Attention: Head of Debt Syndicate and Head of EMEA Debt Capital Markets Group; Merrill Lynch International, 2 King Edward Street, London EC1A 1HQ, United Kingdom, Telephone: 1-800-294-1322, Facsimile: +44 (0)20 7995 0048, Attention: Syndicate Desk; Mizuho International plc, 30 Old Bailey, London EC4M 7AU, United Kingdom, Attention: Legal Department; Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Kungstradgardsgatan 8, 106 40, Stockholm, Sweden.This press release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offering, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSInformation set forth in this communication contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. The Company cautions readers that any forward-looking information is not a guarantee of future performance and that actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking information. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the Offering, the Company's plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties or other factors beyond the Company's control. These factors include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to implement its strategic initiatives, economic, political and market conditions and fluctuations, government and industry regulation, interest rate risk, U.S. and global competition, and other factors detailed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q which are available on the Company's investor relations website at http://ir.nasdaq.com and the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.About Nasdaq:Nasdaq NDAQ, +0.37% is a leading global provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, listing, information and public company services. Through its diverse portfolio of solutions, Nasdaq enables customers to plan, optimize and execute their business vision with confidence, using proven technologies that provide transparency and insight for navigating today's global capital markets. As the creator of the world's first electronic stock market, its technology powers more than 100 marketplaces in 50 countries. Nasdaq is home to approximately 4,000 total listings with a market value of approximately $12 trillion. To learn more, visit: http://business.nasdaq.com.Media Contacts:Allan Schoenberg(212) 231-5534allan.schoenberg@nasdaq.comWill Briganti(678) 504-6097william.briganti@nasdaq.comRyan WellsDirect: +44 (0) 20 3753 2231Mobile: +44 (0) 7809 596 390ryan.wells@nasdaq.comInvestor Relations Contact:Ed Ditmire, CFA(212) 401-8737ed.ditmire@nasdaq.com-NDAQF-Copyright (C) 2019 GLOBE NEWSWIRE. All rights reserved.", "title": "Nasdaq, Inc. Prices EUR600 Million Senior Notes Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/internet2-and-national-science-foundation-announce-selection-of-first-phase-research-proposals-for-exploring-clouds-for-acceleration-of-science-e-cas-project-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 7:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Internet2 and the National Science Foundation (NSF) confirmed the selection of six proposals by an external academic review panel for the first phase of the Exploring Clouds for Acceleration of Science (E-CAS) project that was first announced in November 2018. The E-CAS project comprises two phases of NSF-funded, campus-based research that will be supported in part through contributions from Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud to produce a deeper understanding of the use of cloud computing in accelerating scientific discoveries.The successful proposals for the year-long first phase of the E-CAS project are:Development of BioCompute Objects for Integration into Galaxy in a Cloud Computing Environment\nRaja Mazumder, George Washington UniversityBioCompute objects allow researchers to describe bioinformatic analyses comprised of any number of algorithmic steps and variables to make computational experimental results clearly understandable and easier to repeat. This project will create a library of BioCompute objects that describe bioinformatic workflows on AWS, which can be accessed and contributed to by users of the widely used bioinformatics platform, Galaxy.Investigating Heterogeneous Computing at the Large Hadron Collider\nPhilip Harris, Massachusetts Institute of TechnologyOnly a small fraction of the 40 million collisions per second at the Large Hadron Collider are stored and analyzed due to the huge volumes of data and the compute power required to process it. This project proposes a redesign of the algorithms using modern machine learning techniques that can be incorporated into heterogeneous computing systems, allowing more data to be processed and thus larger physics output and potentially foundational discoveries in the field.Building Clouds: Worldwide building typology modelling from images\nDaniel Aliaga and Dev Niyogi, Purdue UniversityThis project will utilize computational power and network connectivity to provide a world-scalable solution for generating building-level information for urban canopy parameters as well as for improving the information for estimating local climate zones, both of which are critical to high resolution urban meteorological/environmental models.Accelerating Science by Integrating Commercial Cloud Resources in the CIPRES Science Gateway\nMark Miller, San Diego Supercomputing CenterCIPRES is a web portal that allows scientists around the world to analyze DNA and protein sequence data by providing access to parallel phylogenetics codes run on large high-performance computing (HPC) clusters provided by the NSF-funded eXtreme Science and Engineering Discovery Environment (XSEDE) program and currently runs analyses for about 12,000 scientists per year. This project will develop the infrastructure needed to cloudburst CIPRES jobs to newer, faster V100 GPUs at AWS. As a result, individual jobs will run up to 1.8 fold faster, and users will have access to twice as many GPU nodes as they did in the previous year.Deciphering the Brain's Neural Code Through Large-Scale Detailed Simulation of Motor Cortex Circuits\nWilliam Lytton, State University of New YorkThis project aims to help decipher the brain's neural coding mechanisms with far-reaching applications, including developing treatments for brain disorders, advancing brain-machine interfaces for people with paralysis, and developing novel artificial intelligence algorithms. Using a software tool for brain modeling, researchers will run thousands of parallelized simulations exploring different conditions and inputs to the system.IceCube computing in the cloud\nBenedikt Riedel, University of WisconsinThe IceCube Neutrino Observatory located at the South Pole supports science from a number of disciplines including astrophysics, particle physics, and geographical sciences operating continuously being simultaneously sensitive to the whole sky. This project aims to burst into cloud to support follow-up computations of observed events, as well as alerts to and from the research community, such as other telescopes and LIGO.\u201cNSF is thrilled to see the scientific diversity and potential among the selected projects. We look forward to the progress over the next year for these six projects as they investigate the viability and effectiveness of commercial clouds as an option for leading-edge research computing and computational science in a range of areas,\u201d said Manish Parashar, Director of NSF's Office of Advanced Cyberinfrastructure (OAC).\u201cMore recent advancements in cloud offerings allow researchers to explore unique ways of processing huge amounts of data with highly complex inter-relationships using high-throughput computational methods and machine learning systems,\u201d added Howard Pfeffer, president and CEO of Internet2, and principal investigator on the E-CAS project. \u201cWe\u2019re excited to support these important and timely scientific research projects as we collectively explore how advancement in commercial clouds can better support the work of researchers and the higher education community.\u201dFollowing the completion of the first phase of these six research projects, two final projects will be selected in July 2020 for another year of support, with a focus on delivering scientific results. Each phase of the project will be followed by a community-led workshop to assess lessons learned and to define leading practices.For more information about the E-CAS project, please visit www.internet2.edu/ecas.The National Science Foundation (NSF) is an independent federal agency that supports fundamental research and education across all fields of science and engineering. In fiscal year (FY) 2018, its budget was $7.8 billion. NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges, universities and other institutions. Each year, NSF receives more than 50,000 competitive proposals for funding and makes about 12,000 new funding awards.This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. 1904444. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.About Internet2Internet2\u00ae is a non-profit, member-driven advanced technology community whose core infrastructure components include the nation\u2019s largest and fastest research and education network that was built to deliver advanced, customized services that are accessed and secured by the community-developed trust and identity framework. For more information, visit www.internet2.edu .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190326005155/en/SOURCE: Internet2Sara Aly, Internet2\nsaly@internet2.edu\n\nLinda A. McBrearty, NSF\nlmcbrear@nsf.govCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Internet2 and National Science Foundation Announce Selection of First-Phase Research Proposals for Exploring Clouds for Acceleration of Science (E-CAS) Project"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/whole-foods-market-educates-consumers-on-body-care-standards-with-whole-foods-market-better-beauty-swap-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "Spring is the perfect time to get real about beauty and body care regimens, and the inspiring Whole Body department at Whole Foods Market offers high-quality beauty and body care products \u2013 from new and trending to long-time favorites \u2013 all of which meet the brand\u2019s industry-leading standards that ban more than 100 ingredients and counting. This spring, the national grocer will host its first ever Whole Foods Market Better Beauty Swap to help consumers \u201cclean up\u201d their routines.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190321005059/en/A recent survey conducted by Whole Foods Market found that one third (33 percent) of consumers do not understand ingredients commonly found in conventional beauty and body care products\u2014such as parabens, microbeads and formaldehydes\u2014well enough to know what they are. In addition, more than half (59 percent) of consumers do not regularly read beauty and body care labels in-store before purchasing.*To help ease the burden on consumers when considering controversial ingredients and reading labels, Whole Foods Market has developed strict Body Care Standards that apply to all the beauty and body care products it carries. The national grocer proudly bans more than 100ingredients commonly found in body care products, includingphthalates, parabens, microbeads, formaldehyde-releasing preservatives, triclosan, BHT, BHA and aluminum chlorohydrate.Given the rise in organic beauty and body care products available, the survey also found 74 percent of consumers either do not know if there are specific government regulations for labeling beauty and body care products as \u201corganic,\u201d or think the regulations already exist. In fact, government standards for \u201corganic\u201d label claims on body care do not exist, which led Whole Foods Market to create its own based on USDA National Organic Standards for food. All personal care products sold at the grocer making an \u201corganic\u201d claim are required to be third-party certified.\u201cThese findings on consumer perceptions and buying habits showcase a continued need for broader awareness around better-for-you beauty and body care ingredients,\u201d said Jen Coccaro, Director of Merchandising, Whole Body. \u201cThat is why, as a leader in offering the finest, high-quality beauty, hair and body care products, Whole Foods Market will continue to educate and empower consumers around our belief that what goes on your body is just as important as what goes in it.\u201dWhole Foods Market Better Beauty Swap:On Saturday, March 30, the retailer will host the Whole Foods Market Better Beauty Swap, making it easier than ever for consumers to \u201cclean up\u201d their routines and exchange current beauty items for trend-setting products that meet Whole Foods Market\u2019s quality standards.The first 200 consumers in select New York City, Chicago, Philadelphia, San Francisco and Los Angeles Whole Foods Market stores to bring in one empty beauty or body care product can swap it out for a free, limited-edition Whole Foods Market Beauty Bag (valued at more than $100 each).**Store locations for the Whole Foods Market Better Beauty Swap events include:Consumers can visit one of these stores from 8 a.m. \u2013 9 a.m. local time to participate in the Whole Foods Market Better Beauty Swap while supplies last. They can also learn about Whole Foods Market industry-leading quality standards and take advantage of the Beauty Week sale. From March 27 \u2013 April 2, makeup, facial care, hair care, nail polish, perfume and makeup brushes are 25 percent off with an additional 10 percent off for Prime Members. Those who are not able to take advantage of the Whole Foods Market Better Beauty Swap, fear not: Whole Foods Market Beauty Bags are available for purchase in stores nationwide for $20 each, beginning March 29 and while supplies last.As part of the grocer\u2019s longstanding commitment to environmental stewardship, Whole Foods Market is working with TerraCycle, a global leader in hard-to-recycle materials, to recycle the empty beauty product containers collected during the events.* Consumer research was conducted by Wakefield Research ( www.wakefieldresearch.com ) among 1,000 nationally representative U.S. adults ages 18+ between February 25 and March 4, 2019 using an email invitation and an online survey. The margin of error for this study was +/- 3.1 percentage points.** Trade in your empty, old beauty product containers (minimum one item) and receive one Beauty Bag. No nail polish, nail polish remover, perfume or hair spray accepted. Containers must be completely empty of product. Only containers that are completely empty will be accepted, which for (i) containers holding liquids (e.g., shampoo bottles and hair gels) means they are free of all liquids and fully dry and (ii) containers holding solids means they do not have any solid residue. Limit one bag per person. Limited quantities. Available while supplies last. No rain checks.About Whole Foods MarketFor nearly 40 years, Whole Foods Market has been a leading natural and organic foods retailer. As the first national certified organic grocer, Whole Foods Market has nearly 500 stores in the United States, Canada and United Kingdom. To learn more about Whole Foods Market, please visit https://media.wholefoodsmarket.com/.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190321005059/en/SOURCE: Whole Foods MarketMatthew Young\nMedia@wholefoods.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Whole Foods Market Educates Consumers on Body Care Standards with Whole Foods Market Better Beauty Swap"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/kessler-topaz-meltzer-check-llp-and-labaton-sucharow-llp-announce-pendency-of-class-action-on-behalf-of-purchasers-of-precision-castparts-corp-common-stock-2019-03-11": {"date": "Mar 11, 2019 9:21 a.m. ET", "article": "SEATTLE, March 11, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- JND Class Action AdministrationTHIS NOTICE AFFECTS all individuals or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired the common stock of Precision Castparts Corp. during the period of May 9, 2013 through January 15, 2015, inclusive, and were damaged thereby (the \"Class\").YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED, pursuant to Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and an Order of the United States District Court for the District of Oregon, that Murphy v. Precision Castparts Corp., et al., Case No. 3:16-cv-00521-SB (\"Action\") against Precision Castparts Corp. (\"PCC\"), Mark Donegan, and Shawn R. Hagel (collectively, \"Defendants\"), has been certified as a class action on behalf of the Class, except for certain individuals and entities that are excluded from the Class by definition as set forth in the full printed Notice of Pendency of Class Action (\"Notice\"). Lead Plaintiffs AMF Pensionsf\u00f6rs\u00e4kring AB and the Oklahoma Firefighters Pension and Retirement System have been appointed by the Court to represent the Class.  There is no settlement or monetary recovery for Class Members at this time; this is only a notice that the Class has been certified.IF YOU ARE A MEMBER OF THE CLASS, YOUR RIGHTS WILL BE AFFECTED BY THIS LAWSUIT.  The full printed Notice is currently being mailed to known Class Members. If you have not yet received a full printed Notice, you may obtain a copy from the website for the Action, www.PrecisionCastpartsSecuritiesLitigation.com, or by contacting the Administrator:Murphy v. Precision Castparts Corp., et al. c/o JND Legal Administration P.O. Box 91228 Seattle, WA  98111 (888) 305-6485 info@PrecisionCastpartsSecuritiesLitigation.comIf you did not receive the Notice by mail, and you are a member of the Class, please send your name and address to the Administrator so that if any future notices are disseminated in connection with the Action, you will receive them.  Inquiries, other than requests for the Notice, may be made to Court-appointed Class Counsel:If you are a Class Member, you have the right to decide whether to remain a member of the Class.  If you choose to remain a member of the Class, you do not need to do anything at this time other than retain your documentation reflecting your transactions in PCC common stock.  You will automatically be included in the Class, and you will be bound by the proceedings in the Action, including all past, present and future orders and judgments of the Court, whether favorable or unfavorable.  If you are a Class Member and do not wish to remain a member of the Class, you must take steps to exclude yourself from the Class.If you timely and validly request to be excluded from the Class, you will not be bound by any orders or judgments in the Action, but you will not be eligible to receive a share of any money which might be recovered in the future for the benefit of the Class.  To exclude yourself from the Class, you must submit a written request for exclusion postmarkedno later than May 3, 2019 in accordance with the instructions set forth in the full printed Notice.  Pursuant to Rule 23(e)(4) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, it is within the Court's discretion whether to allow a second opportunity to request exclusion from the Class if there is a settlement or judgment in the Action; accordingly, this may be the only opportunity to request exclusion from the Class.Further information may be obtained by contacting the Administrator as set forth above or visiting the website www.PrecisionCastpartsSecuritiesLitigation.com.Please Do Not Call or Write the Court with Questions. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kessler-topaz-meltzer--check-llp-and-labaton-sucharow-llp-announce-pendency-of-class-action-on-behalf-of-purchasers-of-precision-castparts-corp-common-stock-300799113.htmlSOURCE Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP; Labaton Sucharow LLPCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP and Labaton Sucharow LLP Announce Pendency of Class Action on Behalf of Purchasers of Precision Castparts, Corp. Common Stock"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-new-zealand-prime-minister-will-never-say-the-christchurch-gunmans-name-again-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 11:28 a.m. ET", "article": "The prime minister of New Zealand vowed to never speak the name of the alleged Christchurch gunman ever again while addressing her nation\u2019s Parliament for the first time since the terrorist attacks on two mosques last week that killed at least 50 people.Four individuals were apprehended for the mass shootings last week, with three directly connected to the attacks, including a 28-year-old man that New Zealand authorities have not publicly identified.An Australian man claimed responsibility for the shootings in a 74-page manifesto that purported to be inspired by white supremacism, which he posted on social media. The suspected shooter also livestreamed a 17-minute video of the massacre to Facebook by apparently using a helmet-mounted camera. He was charged with one count of murder in a Christchurch court in connection to the shootings on Saturday.Ardern said the gunman had sent the manifesto to her office email about nine minutes before the attacks, the Associated Press reported, although she hadn\u2019t gotten the email directly herself. Her office was one of about 30 recipients and had forwarded the email to Parliamentary security within a couple of minutes of receiving it.But Ardern would only identify the accused shooter as an Australian citizen facing one count of murder on Tuesday, with other charges to follow.Ardern added that her government will also \u201clook at the role social media played\u201d in broadcasting the attacks. \u201cThey are the publisher, not just the postman,\u201d she said. \u201cThere cannot be the case of all profit, no responsibility.\u201d Several New Zealand banks have been pulling their advertising from Facebook and Google since the tragedy, as well, including Westpac, TSB and Kiwibank. \u201cWe will be engaging with social media companies about the publishing of harmful content,\u201d a Westpac spokesperson told the NZ Herald.See also: One year after Zuckerberg\u2019s testimony about violent content on Facebook, has anything changed?Ardern also reinforced her previous promise to work to change New Zealand\u2019s gun laws, and said that her cabinet will announce \u201csome decisions\u201d before it meets again next Monday. She has said that options include a ban on private ownership of semiautomatic rifles that were used in Christchurch, and a government-funded buyback of newly outlawed guns.See also: New Zealand mourns massacre victims, as dozens of bodies await burialFifty people were killed and 50 others were wounded in the attack, New Zealand Police Commissioner Mike Bush revealed on Saturday, making it the country\u2019s deadliest shooting in modern history.", "title": "The New Zealand prime minister will never say the Christchurch gunman\u2019s name again"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-announces-new-imacs-with-greater-computing-and-graphics-performance-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 8:45 a.m. ET", "article": "Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.98% said Tuesday it has updated its iMac lines, which the company boasts will deliver \"dramatic increases\" in computing and graphics performance. Apple's stock edged up 0.4% in premarket trade. The new lines will have up to 8-core Intel 9th-generation processors for the first time and Vega graphics option. Apple said the new 21.5 inch iMac with Retina 4K display starts at $1,299 and the new 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display starts at $1,799, both available starting Monday. The non-Retina display model will still be available for $1,099. \"Customers are going to love the huge boost in iMac performance,\" said Tom Boger, senior director of Mac product marketing. The new iMac announcement comes a day after Apple launched new a iPad Air and iPad mini. The stock has rallied 19.2% year to date through Monday, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.09% has gained 11.1%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple announces new iMacs with greater computing and graphics performance"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nations-leading-real-estate-brokerage-taps-oracle-as-it-modernizes-home-buying-and-selling-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 8:35 a.m. ET", "article": "LAS VEGAS, March 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- MODERN CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE -- HomeServices of America, a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate and one of the country's premier providers of homeownership services, has selected Oracle Cloud to power the reimagination of the home buying and selling process. With Oracle Cloud, HomeServices is transforming its operating model to enable its affiliated brands to offer a superior customer experience.  HomeServices is a national network of market-leading residential real estate brokerage, mortgage, title, escrow and insurance companies. To ensure it could empower its growing network of companies with the innovation and excellence to stay ahead of evolving expectations, HomeServices sought to modernize the purchase experience for home buyers and the process by which real estate agents are servicing them. To automate that process, HomeServices selected Oracle as its partner to help it put people and relationships first and revolutionize homeownership.\"We are committed to delivering exceptional experiences to customers throughout the home buying transaction process,\" said Mike Warmka, executive vice president, HomeServices of America and executive sponsor of this innovation initiative. \"Our business model is focused on integrating all the pieces of the real estate transaction and as we continue to grow, we wanted a technology platform befitting our vision as well as integration for our expanding network of companies. With Oracle Cloud, we will be able to unite our operations and leverage our combined strength to simplify, streamline and automate processes, deliver an entirely new experience and gain efficiencies.\"With Oracle Customer Experience (CX) Cloud, Oracle Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Cloud and Oracle Platform Cloud, HomeServices will be able to provide an end-to-end, guided real estate experience to its brokerage companies and 42,600 real estate agents across the country. By integrating its core business processes on a connected platform, HomeServices will be able to ensure secure transactions to streamline timely qualification and document processes and save time and money by moving from disparate on-premise systems to a complete suite of cloud applications. This solution also positions HomeServices to easily implement new and evolving technologies and sustainably continue to deliver rich and connected real estate experiences.\"HomeServices of America is working to completely transform the home buying and selling experience, while prioritizing people and relationships first, and wanted a technology partner that could support its vision,\" said Steve Miranda, executive vice president, Oracle Applications. \"With Oracle Cloud, HomeServices will be able to fundamentally change the way we buy and sell homes by uniting on one standardized platform, streamlining and automating key business processes and quickly taking advantage of the latest technologies.\"  About OracleThe Oracle Cloud offers a complete suite of integrated applications for Sales, Service, Marketing, Human Resources, Finance, Supply Chain and Manufacturing, plus Highly Automated and Secure Generation 2 Infrastructure featuring the Oracle Autonomous Database. For more information about Oracle ORCL, -0.49% please visit us at oracle.com.About Modern Customer Experience 2019Modern Customer Experience arms professionals across commerce, marketing, sales, and service with the tools to deliver legendary customer experiences and exceed in the Experience Economy. For more information, please visit https://www.oracle.com/moderncx/About HomeServices of AmericaHomeServices of America, through its operating companies, is one of the country's premier providers of homeownership services, including brokerage, mortgage, franchising, title, escrow, insurance, and relocation services. HomeServices of America is the owner of the Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices and Real Living Real Estate franchise networks. HomeServices is owned by Berkshire Hathaway Energy, a consolidated subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. HomeServices' operating companies offer integrated real estate services, including brokerage services, mortgage originations, title and closing services, property and casualty insurance, home warranties, and other homeownership services. Information about HomeServices is available at www.homeservices.com.TrademarksOracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nations-leading-real-estate-brokerage-taps-oracle-as-it-modernizes-home-buying-and-selling-300814566.htmlSOURCE OracleCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Nation's Leading Real Estate Brokerage Taps Oracle as it Modernizes Home Buying and Selling"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/facebook-partner-on-using-unrealfronts-cinemagraph-ad-creative-to-market-your-mobile-game-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 5:06 a.m. ET", "article": "Getting mobile users to pay attention to and engage with an ad can be a challenging prospect. Rewarded video ads are designed to entice people to engage directly in return for something valuable such as in-game currency, while Playables can give a taste of the full app experience. Interstitial static ads remain popular, but such is their nature they may not get users to click through, but rather be seen more as a nuisance.There\u2019s another ad format that could be considered though: the cinemagraph. These are still photographing that sit between a typical static image and a video, somewhat like a GIF.A slight and repeated motion takes place in the image, giving the viewer the impression, they are watching a video.Compared to short videos, the format produces a small file size and is convenient for those looking for a low cost but eye-catching ad solution. The image can also be presented in high-definition, whereas GIFs are typically low resolution. Cinemagraph ads have been used by the world\u2019s top brands for a while now, including the likes of Armani, Chanel, Coca-Cola, Tiffany and Lincoln, to name a few.Automating ad creationOne company providing this ad format for games developer and publisher to utilize is ZingFront, which has launched China\u2019s first SaaS tool for Cinemagraph ads. It supports one-click ad creative production and also offers thousands of creative templates for various industries including games, education and training, lifestyle and social, amongst others.The cinemagraph ad capabilities have been added to ZingFront\u2019s advertising creative platform UnrealFront and such adverts can be created within a few seconds. Use of the platform\u2019s cinemagraph ads are said to have increased click-through rates for advertisers by 46 per cent on average. One user, a real estate rental advertiser, saw a 150 per cent CTR improvement, while an online education advertiser saw a boost above the industry average.Driven by data, technology and innovation, ZingFront offers an automated, intelligent overall marketing solution and aims to continue providing more efficient marketing tools for advertisers in future. You can find out more about ZingFront, UnrealFront and Cinemagraph ads on the company\u2019s official website.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190326005418/en/SOURCE: ZingFront TechnologyZingFront Technology\nXiuwen Zhao\nhello@zingfront.com\n+86-010\u201365000819\nhttp://www.zingfront.com/unrealfront/Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Facebook Partner on Using UnrealFront\u2019s Cinemagraph Ad Creative to Market Your Mobile Game"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/wipro-launches-artificial-intelligence-and-machine-learning-solutions-powered-by-amazon-web-services-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 9:08 a.m. ET", "article": "Wipro Limited WIT, +0.00% (bse:507685)(nse:WIPRO), a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company, today announced the availability of its Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) solutions on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Wipro\u2019s AI-enabled, on-demand solutions on AWS will govern critical supply chain processes, and drive enhanced operational efficiency, productivity and superior customer experience for enterprise clients.As part of this collaboration, Wipro\u2019s solutions such as Wipro HOLMES\u2122 Machine Learning for Accounts Payable Auditor, Wipro HOLMES\u2122 E-KYC and Wipro HOLMES\u2122 Machine Learning for Contract solutions will be powered by AWS. Clients will benefit from the combined strengths of the AI and automation platform - Wipro HOLMES\u2122 and AWS AI and ML services. In addition, clients will be able to access Wipro HOLMES\u2122 E-KYC Controller Extractor and Wipro HOLMES\u2122 E-KYC Financials Extractor on AWS Marketplace for Machine Learning.Wipro is a Premier Consulting Partner in the AWS Partner Network (APN).\u201cAt AWS, our mission is to put machine learning in the hands of every developer. With AWS Marketplace, you can navigate, discover and deploy the ML models needed to build intelligent applications to fuel innovation. The AI and ML solutions leveraging Wipro HOLMES and AWS SageMaker help customers in applying AI to procurement, supply chain, compliance and other domains,\u201d said Garth Fort, Director, AWS Marketplace, Amazon Web Services, Inc.Wipro has implemented its Wipro HOLMES\u2122 Machine Learning for Accounts Payable Auditor solution, powered by AWS, for the Greater Toronto Airports Authority (GTAA). The solution audits vendor payment transactions to proactively detect process anomalies, identify outliers and prevent payment leakage in the company\u2019s procure to pay process.Pierre Lanthier, Director of Innovation and Transformation, The Greater Toronto Airports Authority (GTAA) said, \u201cGTAA has embarked on a transformation journey with Wipro to achieve operational efficiencies and improve traveler experience. As part of this endeavor and given increasing business complexity,we were looking toapply innovative thinking in our procure to pay process. The Wipro HOLMES\u2122 artificial intelligence and automation platform along with AWS have helped us adopt a preventive and proactive strategy to mitigate rising operational and compliance risks in our procure to pay process.\u201dRohit Adlakha, Vice President and Global Head \u2013 Wipro HOLMES\u2122 and Automation Ecosystem, Wipro Limitedsaid, \u201cWe have leveraged the Wipro HOLMES\u2122 AI and Automation platform and AWS AI and ML services to build several outcome-driven solutions. In addition, we have published some of our machine learning models on AWS Marketplace for Machine Learnings. Our relationship with AWS allows us to leverage the combined might of Wipro HOLMES\u2122 and AWS to solve complex business problems for our clients in areas such as procure to pay, contract management, and customer onboarding, across industry sectors.\u201dWipro\u2019s AI and Automation platform, Wipro HOLMES\u2122 represents Wipro\u2019s integrated automation capabilities across infrastructure, applications and business process services, delivered through a comprehensive blend of tasks, processes, and cognitive technologies. These capabilities have been deployed for over 350 clients across industries.About Wipro LimitedWipro Limited WIT, +0.00% (bse:507685)(nse:WIPRO) is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 175,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future.Forward-looking and Cautionary StatementsCertain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking statements, which involve a number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties relating to these statements include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties regarding fluctuations in our earnings, revenue and profits, our ability to generate and manage growth, intense competition in IT services, our ability to maintain our cost advantage, wage increases in India, our ability to attract and retain highly skilled professionals, time and cost overruns on fixed-price, fixed-time frame contracts, client concentration, restrictions on immigration, our ability to manage our international operations, reduced demand for technology in our key focus areas, disruptions in telecommunication networks, our ability to successfully complete and integrate potential acquisitions, liability for damages on our service contracts, the success of the companies in which we make strategic investments, withdrawal of fiscal governmental incentives, political instability, war, legal restrictions on raising capital or acquiring companies outside India, unauthorized use of our intellectual property, and general economic conditions affecting our business and industry. Additional risks that could affect our future operating results are more fully described in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at www.sec.gov. We may, from time to time, make additional written and oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in the company\u2019s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our reports to shareholders. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190315005268/en/SOURCE: Wipro Limited\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@WiproShraboni Banerjee\nWipro Limited\nshraboni.banerjee@wipro.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Wipro Launches Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Solutions Powered by Amazon Web Services"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/hagens-berman-new-class-action-lawsuit-accuses-nations-biggest-real-estate-broker-franchisors-of-massive-commission-racket-costing-home-sellers-2019-03-11": {"date": "Mar 11, 2019 10:59 a.m. ET", "article": "The National Association of Realtors (NAR) and the nation\u2019s four largest real-estate broker franchisors \u2013 Realogy, HomeServices of America, RE/MAX and Keller Williams \u2013 have been accused in a nationwide class-action lawsuit of cheating home sellers out of thousands of dollars each sale through an anticompetitive scheme to lock commission rates, according to attorneys at Hagens Berman and Cohen Milstein.If you sold your home through a real estate broker, find out more.The antitrust lawsuit aimed at the real-estate kingpins states that NAR and the Big Four have worked in unison to eliminate competition over business, and have implemented rules that prevent home sellers, home purchasers, and real estate brokers from negotiating over the commissions that home sellers pay. These anticompetitive rules served no other purpose for home sellers.According to the lawsuit filed Mar. 6, 2019 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, total broker commissions in affected housing markets average between 5 and 6 percent, a substantially higher figure than in countries with competitive markets for real estate brokers. Plaintiffs in the case are also represented by attorneys at Handley Farah & Anderson, Justice Catalyst Law, Wright Marsh & Levy and Teske Katz Kitzer & Rochel.\u201cWhen you compare commission rates in these affected housing markets to those in countries with competitive real-estate broker markets, the numbers tell a very clear story,\u201d said Steve Berman, managing partner of Hagens Berman and attorney representing home sellers in the class action. \u201cWe believe that NAR and the Big Four have devised a series of checks on broker commission rates to all but guarantee their goal of price-fixing, costing home sellers thousands in excessive commissions paid on each sale.\u201dA class member who sold a house for $500,000 likely paid in the range of $12,500 to $15,000 in additional commissions due to the conspiracy, according to the lawsuit.Are You Affected?Attorneys say the following markets are affected: Austin, TX; Baltimore, MD; Charlotte, NC; Cleveland, OH; Colorado Springs, CO; Columbus, OH; Dallas, TX; Denver, CO; Detroit, MI; Fort Myers, FL; Houston, TX; Las Vegas, NV; Miami, FL; Milwaukee, WI; Minneapolis, MN; Orlando, FL; Philadelphia, PA; Phoenix, AZ; Raleigh, NC; Richmond, VA; Salt Lake City, UT; San Antonio, TX; Sarasota, FL; Tampa, FL and Washington, DC.The following real-estate broker franchisors are involved in the anticompetitive practices: Keller Williams Realty; RE/MAX Holdings Inc.; Realogy Holdings Corp.: Better Homes and Gardens Real Estate LLC, CENTURY 21, Coldwell Banker, ERA, Sotheby\u2019s; HomeServices of America Inc.: Berkshire Hathaway, RealtySouth, Long & Foster, Edina Realty & others.Anticompetitive PoliciesThe lawsuit alleges NAR and the Big Four have enacted a set of anticompetitive policies intended to prevent competition among real estate brokers, as well as stopping buyers and sellers form negotiating commissions, including:\u201cUnder these policies straight out of NAR\u2019s handbook, sellers suffer, and brokers reap the spoils,\u201d Berman said. \u201cNAR and the Big Four are doing absolutely everything in their power to restrict and control real-estate broker commissions, and our antitrust team intends to put an end it.\u201dAttorneys say these policies violate federal antitrust law, the Sherman Act.Many commission-based industries have seen significant disruption through the rise of online competition. Auto insurance brokers who have lost $4 billion in underwriting profits in each of the last five years, financial service brokers who have seen commissions drop from $250 to $10 during that period, and travel agencies which have lost more than 40 percent of its workforce in the last 20 years.Meanwhile, bewildering economists, real-estate broker commission rates have stayed the same, despite the fact that a substantial majority of buyers find their home via their own online searches. The complaint cites economists\u2019 conclusions that, \u201cbased on global data, the [total] US residential brokerage fees should run closer to 3.0%.\u201dAttorneys at Hagens Berman believe that in a competitive market, real-estate commissions would fluctuate with changes in technology and natural competition, ending in lower total commission rates for home sellers; brokers would compete by offering lower commissions, buyers and sellers would negotiate with brokers regarding commissions, and buyers would bypass brokers using independent online platforms.Home sellers can also find more information about the case via Hagens Berman\u2019s handy infographic about the suit.Find out more about the class-action lawsuit against NAR and the nation\u2019s largest real-estate broker franchisors.About Hagens BermanHagens Berman Sobol Shapiro LLP is a consumer-rights class-action law firm with nine offices across the country. The firm\u2019s tenacious drive for plaintiffs\u2019 rights has earned it numerous national accolades, awards and titles of \u201cMost Feared Plaintiff\u2019s Firm,\u201d and MVPs and Trailblazers of class-action law. More about the law firm and its successes can be found at www.hbsslaw.com. Follow the firm for updates and news at @ClassActionLaw.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190311005142/en/SOURCE: Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro LLP\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@ClassActionLawAshley Klann\nashleyk@hbsslaw.com\n206-268-9363Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Hagens Berman: New Class-Action Lawsuit Accuses Nation\u2019s Biggest Real Estate Broker Franchisors of Massive Commission Racket, Costing Home Sellers"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/stock-futures-edge-lower-as-investors-await-fed-decision-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 4:26 p.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks closed mostly lower Wednesday, failing to defend gains on the back of the Federal Reserve\u2019s decision to keep key interest rates unchanged, as widely expected.The central bank also signaled no further rate hikes this year, in line with its views of tame inflation and slower economic growth. But the Fed\u2019s latest stance battered financial shares as the industry tends to suffer in a low-rate environment.The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.01% fell 141.71 points, or 0.6%, to 25,745.67. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.07% shed 8.34 points, or 0.3%, to 2,824.23 with the financial sector falling 2.1%.The Invesco KBW Bank ETF KBWB, -0.50%  fell 3%, its worst one-day decline since Dec. 24, and the SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF KRE, -0.55%  lost 3.4%, its worst drop since Dec. 4.The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.18%  flipped higher, adding 5.02 points to 7,728.97.The Fed maintained its accommodative stance and its dot plot indicated that it will end its balance-sheet runoff by September. The central bank also cut its gross domestic product estimate for this year to 2.1% from 2.3% and trimmed its PCE inflation forecast to 1.8% from 1.9%, leaving its core PCE estimate at 2%.During the press conference following the decision, Chairman Jerome Powell said patience means \u201cno need to rush to judgment\u201d and the new policy on the balance sheet will assure a \u201csmooth\u201d and \u201cpredictable\u201d process. He also said the risks of financial instability are not high, unlike 1998 when easy money policy was blamed for fostering a tech bubble.On the trade front, President Donald Trump told reporters that his administration is considering leaving tariffs on Chinese imports in place for a \u201csubstantial period of time,\u201d according to The Wall Street Journal.\u201cAs expected, the Federal Open Market Committee left rates unchanged at its meeting today. This marks the first calendar quarter in which the Fed has not raised rates since third quarter 2017,\u201d said Jason Pride, chief investment officer of private wealth at Glenmede, in emailed comments. \u201cThe Fed is reiterating its \u2018patient\u2019 posture for the timing of future rate changes, in recognition of the relatively soft economic outlook.\u201d\u201cThe markets saw the FOMC statement as being dovish \u2014 focusing on the dot plot and its reduction of projected interest-rate increases,\u201d said Chris Gaffney, president of world markets at TIAA Bank. But Powell tried to keep things more neutral during the press conference by walking a fine line between expressing confidence in the economy and acknowledging that risks exist, he said.With a softer employment report and few signs of inflationary pressures, the Fed can\u2019t do anything to upset the apple cart, said Mark Heppenstall, chief investment officer at Penn Mutual Asset Management.Shares of FedEx Corp. FDX, +0.07% often viewed as a barometer of global growth prospects, fell 3.5% after the logistics company missed Wall Street forecasts for its fiscal third quarter, partly due to higher costs for its FedEx Ground business.Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -0.77% GOOGL, -0.70%  shares rose 2%, shrugging off news that the European Union fined the Google parent 1.49 billion euros ($1.69 billion) for abusing the dominance of its search engine to block competitors in the market of selling text ads on search results that appear on third-party websites.General Mills Inc. GIS, -0.27% shares gained 2.2% after the branded consumer-foods maker reported fiscal third-quarter profits above expectations, while raising its outlook for the full year.Shares of The E.W. Scripps Co. SSP, +0.84% dropped 2.8% after the television and newspaper-publishing company said it would acquire eight TV stations in seven markets from the Nexstar Media Group Inc. NXST, +0.45% and Tribune Media TRCO, -0.05% .Asian markets closed mostly lower, with China\u2019s Shanghai Composite Index SHCOMP, +0.85%  and Hong Kong\u2019s Hang Seng Index HSI, +0.56%  both losing ground. Japan\u2019s Nikkei 225 NIK, -0.23%  rose 0.2%.European shares also retreated, led by Germany\u2019s DAX DAX, +1.12% . The Stoxx Europe 600 SXXP, +0.35% fell 0.9%.Crude oil pries US:CLJ9 shook off earlier weakness to rise, gold GCJ9, -0.22% settled lower, while the U.S. dollar DXY, +0.09% weakened against peers.\u2014William Watts contributed to this reportProviding critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Stocks close mostly lower as Fed-fueled gains fizzle; financial shares sink"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-hospitality-reit-announces-april-2019-distribution-and-date-of-2019-annual-meeting-of-shareholders-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 8:59 a.m. ET", "article": "Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. APLE, -0.13% (the \u201cCompany\u201d or \u201cApple Hospitality\u201d) today announced that its Board of Directors declared a regular monthly cash distribution of $0.10 per common share for the month of April 2019. The distribution is payable on April 15, 2019, to shareholders of record as of April 3, 2019.Based on the Company\u2019s common stock closing price of $16.40 on March 21, 2019, the annualized distribution of $1.20 per common share represents an annual yield of approximately 7.3 percent.In addition, the Company today announced that its 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held Thursday, May 16, 2019, beginning at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time. The meeting will be held at the Courtyard and Residence Inn Richmond Downtown, located at 1320 East Cary Street, Richmond, Virginia 23219, and is open to shareholders of record as of March 22, 2019.About Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc.Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. APLE, -0.13% is a publicly traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that owns one of the largest and most diverse portfolios of upscale, rooms-focused hotels in the United States. Apple Hospitality\u2019s portfolio consists of 243 hotels with more than 31,000 guest rooms located in 88 markets throughout 34 states. Franchised with industry-leading brands, the Company\u2019s portfolio comprises 114 Marriott-branded hotels, 128 Hilton-branded hotels and one Hyatt-branded hotel. For more information, please visit www.applehospitalityreit.com.Forward-Looking Statements DisclaimerCertain statements contained in this press release other than historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are predictions and generally can be identified by use of statements that include phrases such as \u201cmay,\u201d \u201cbelieve,\u201d \u201cexpect,\u201d \u201canticipate,\u201d \u201cintend,\u201d \u201cestimate,\u201d \u201cproject,\u201d \u201ctarget,\u201d \u201cgoal,\u201d \u201cplan,\u201d \u201cshould,\u201d \u201cwill,\u201d \u201cpredict,\u201d \u201cpotential,\u201d \u201coutlook,\u201d \u201cstrategy,\u201d and similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievements of Apple Hospitality to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the ability of Apple Hospitality to effectively acquire and dispose of properties; the ability of Apple Hospitality to implement its operating strategy; changes in general political, economic and competitive conditions and specific market conditions; adverse changes in the real estate and real estate capital markets; financing risks; litigation risks; regulatory proceedings or inquiries; and changes in laws or regulations or interpretations of current laws and regulations that impact Apple Hospitality\u2019s business, assets or classification as a real estate investment trust. Although Apple Hospitality believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore there can be no assurance that such statements included in this press release will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by Apple Hospitality or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or the objectives and plans of Apple Hospitality will be achieved. In addition, Apple Hospitality\u2019s qualification as a real estate investment trust involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Readers should carefully review Apple Hospitality\u2019s financial statements and the notes thereto, as well as the risk factors described in Apple Hospitality\u2019s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, in the section titled \u201cRisk Factors\u201d in the Company\u2019s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Any forward-looking statement that Apple Hospitality makes speaks only as of the date of such statement. Apple Hospitality undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or cautionary factors, as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.For additional information or to receive press releases by email, visit www.applehospitalityreit.com .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190322005060/en/SOURCE: Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc.Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc.\nKelly Clarke, Vice President, Investor Relations\n804-727-6321\nkclarke@applereit.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Apple Hospitality REIT Announces April 2019 Distribution and Date of 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-wants-to-change-the-way-you-watch-sports-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 8:45 p.m. ET", "article": "If Apple Inc. gets its way, you might never miss a sports highlight again.According to a report published Tuesday by Sports Illustrated, the tech giant has a team of a dozen workers constantly watching a variety of sports \u2014 in what they geekily call \u201cThe Sports Ball Room\u201d \u2014 and potentially laying the groundwork for a curated service that may someday let users tune into highlights as they\u2019re happening.Apple AAPL, +0.94%   is expected to unveil its highly anticipated streaming-video service next week. But while streaming rivals such as Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.16%   and Facebook Inc. FB, -0.07%  have started offering live sports, that doesn\u2019t seem to be the direction Apple is headed.Eddy Cue, Apple\u2019s senior vice president for software and services \u2014 which is an increasingly important part of Apple\u2019s revenue stream \u2014 told SI that the company has no current plans to enter the live-sports programming arena. \u201cThat\u2019s not to say we would never do sports, because who the heck knows,\u201d he said. \u201cNever is a long time, but I don\u2019t think that\u2019s a problem right now.\u201dAs Cue described to SI, what he envisions is more along the lines of a Google Alert for live sports highlights, letting fans know what to watch, right now. An every-sport version of the NFL Network\u2019s Red Zone, if you will.As an example, Cue mentioned Kobe Bryant\u2019s 81-point performance in a random, middle-of-the-season NBA matchup between the Los Angeles Lakers and Toronto Raptors in 2006, which happened to be played on a Sunday night. \u201cIt was amazing to watch, but the vast majority even of Lakers fans didn\u2019t see it,\u201d he told SI. \u201cAs a fan, I\u2019ve always looked at it as an opportunity.\u201dIn Cue\u2019s dream scenario, Apple would serve as a middleman, giving users one-click access to the games everyone will be talking about tomorrow, perhaps linking to video streams from subscription networks that are available through Apple\u2019s app store. The NCAA Tournament would be ripe for such viewing, with users conceivably being led from one nail-biter of an ending to another, while being able to skip the boring games. Users could also be alerted to tune in when their favorite players, or fantasy-league players, are having a big game, or when their favorite team is making a comeback.How exactly would it work, and how would Apple make money off it? That\u2019s what Cue and his team are trying to figure out.But that\u2019s not to say it won\u2019t be a big thing one day. As SI notes in the article, \u201cApple rarely does tiny.\u201dApple shares are up 18% year to date, compared to a 13% gain for the S&P 500 SPX, -0.07%   in 2019 and an 11% gain for the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.01%  , of which Apple is a component.", "title": "Apple wants to change the way you watch sports"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-launches-105-inch-ipad-air-79-inch-ipad-mini-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 8:35 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/first-quarter-slump-wont-snowball-into-something-worse-jpmorgans-feroli-says-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 12:16 p.m. ET", "article": "The U.S. economy has obviously slowed down from the stimulus-fueled 3%-ish pace of 2018, but the slump is \u201cnot snowballing into something worse,\u201d says Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase and the winner of the Forecaster of the Month contest for data that was supposed to be released in January.The economy will stabilize in 2019 into trend-like growth, he forecasts.The slowdown was predicted by just about everyone, but everyone was caught just a little off-guard by the way it has unfolded. A sharp (and really inexplicable) downturn in retail sales in December is leading forecasters to mechanically cut their forecasts for first-quarter growth, fueling a lot of talk about how this might be the end of the longest expansion in U.S. history.Feroli doesn\u2019t think it\u2019s quite that dire, although he is reluctant to talk about the \u201cR\u201d word.\u201cOur profession\u2019s track record at forecasting recessions is not that great,\u201d he says. Putting a lot of effort into calling a recession \u201cis not that productive.\u201dRecent recessions typically have been preceded by overly restrictive monetary policy by the Federal Reserve, and he doesn\u2019t see much danger of that, now that the Fed has put on hold further increases in its benchmark interest rate.The fundamentals in the real economy look OK, and he doesn\u2019t see any unexploded bombs lurking in the financial side of the economy, although \u201cyou never know for sure.\u201dFeroli expects the current quarter will be the worst of the year, with growth most likely in the low to mid-1% range. The monthlong government shutdown knocked just enough activity off kilter, at the same time that uncertainty was high about Fed policy, global growth, the trade wars, and a bear market in stocks.For all of 2019, Feroli expects real gross domestic product to grow around 2%. It\u2019s going to be kind of a meh year, with every sector performing just about at trend. Unemployment and inflation should be little changed. He expects the Fed to raise interest rates in the fourth quarter anyway.Donald Trump\u2019s policies don\u2019t seem to be as transformative as he promised, or as many believed or feared. It now looks as if there\u2019ll be some kind of modest trade deal with China, defusing a possible trade war.\u201cWe know the administration will accept a deal that doesn\u2019t change things that much, if they can call it a win,\u201d Feroli says.And the tax cut hasn\u2019t been a game-changer for the economy as promised. The tax cut \u201clowered the after-tax cost of capital,\u201d Feroli says. However, \u201cthe amount it lowered it was not that great. The existing tax code was quite favorable for capex.\u201d\u201cWe never thought it would be transformational,\u201d he says. \u201cThe data have been consistent with that.\u201dIn the January contest, Feroli and his colleagues Daniel Silver and Jesse Edgerton had the most accurate forecasts among 44 contestants on four of the 11 indicators we track: New home sales, retail sales, the consumer price index and industrial production. Their forecasts on four others \u2014 the ISM index, the trade deficit, housing starts, and durable goods orders \u2014 were among the top 10 most accurate.It was the fourth time Feroli has won our monthly contest. Before joining J.P. Morgan in 2006, Feroli was an economist at the Fed.The runners-up in the December contest were Ward McCarthy of Jefferies, Joerg Angel\u00e9 of Raiffeisen International Bank, Ryan Sweet of Moody\u2019s Analytics, and Lou Crandall of Wrightson ICAP.The MarketWatch median consensus published in our Economic Calendar includes the predictions of the 15 forecasters who\u2019ve earned the most points in our contest over the past 12 months, plus the forecast of the most recent winner of the monthly contest. When they differed, the MarketWatch consensus was more accurate than the closely followed Bloomberg consensus 56% of the time in 2018.Over the past 12 months, these are the forecasters with the highest scores: Joerg Angel\u00e9 of Raiffeisen Bank International, Christophe Barraud of Market Securities, Jim O\u2019Sullivan of High Frequency Economics, Ryan Sweet of Moody\u2019s Analytics, Michelle Girard\u2019s team at NatWest Markets, Michael Feroli at JPMorgan Chase, Peter Morici of the University of Maryland, Avery Shenfeld\u2019s team at CIBC, Richard Moody of Regions Financial, Brian Wesbury and Bob Stein of First Trust, Douglas Porter\u2019s team at BMO, Spencer Staples of EconAlpha, Lou Crandall at Wrightson ICAP, Seth Carpenter\u2019s team at UBS, and Andrew Hollenhorst at Citigroup. ", "title": "First-quarter slump won\u2019t snowball into something worse, JPMorgan\u2019s Feroli says"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bnsf-announces-105-million-capital-program-in-montana-for-2019-2019-02-26": {"date": "Feb 26, 2019 2:04 p.m. ET", "article": "BNSF Railway Company (BNSF) today announced that its 2019 capital expenditure program in Montana will be approximately $105 million, with a majority of the projects consisting of planned maintenance. This year\u2019s capital plan in the state will include replacing and upgrading rail, rail ties and ballast, which are the main components for the tracks on which BNSF trains operate.\u201cThe maintenance projects planned for this year in Montana will help BNSF continue to operate safely and efficiently in the state,\u201d said Brandon Archambeau, general manager of operations, Montana Division. \u201cSafely transporting agricultural products, consumer goods and other freight commodities remains our top priority at BNSF.\u201dOver the past five years, BNSF has invested approximately $880 million to expand and maintain its network in Montana. This year, the maintenance program in Montana includes more than 840 miles of track surfacing and/or undercutting work as well as the replacement of about 55 miles of rail and close to 110,000 ties.The 2019 planned capital investments in the state are part of BNSF\u2019s $3.57 billion network-wide capital expenditure program announced earlier this month. These investments include roughly $2.47 billion to replace and maintain core network and related assets, approximately $760 million on expansion and efficiency projects and about $340 million for freight cars and other equipment acquisitions.About BNSFBNSF Railway is one of North America\u2019s leading freight transportation companies. BNSFoperatesapproximately 32,500 route miles of track in 28 states and also operates in three Canadian provinces. BNSF is one of the top transporters of consumer goods, grain and agricultural products, low-sulfur coal, and industrial goods such as petroleum, chemicals, housing materials, food and beverages. BNSF\u2019s shipments help feed, clothe, supply, and power American homes and businesses every day. BNSF and its employees have developed one of the most technologically advanced, and efficient railroads in the industry. We work continuously to improve the value of the safety, service, energy, and environmental benefits we provide to our customers and the communities we serve. You can learn more about BNSF at www.BNSF.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190226005915/en/SOURCE: BNSF Railway CompanyAmy McBeth\n763-782-3212\nAmy.McBeth@bnsf.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "BNSF Announces $105 Million Capital Program in Montana for 2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apples-stock-gains-02-premarket-on-track-to-open-at-4-mo-high-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 9:27 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/us-stock-futures-climb-as-trump-extends-trade-deal-deadline-lauds-progress-2019-02-25": {"date": "Feb 25, 2019 4:35 p.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks came off earlier highs but still closed higher Monday after President Donald Trump tweeted that he would delay additional China tariffs, and that there had been \u201csubstantial progress\u201d in trade talks over the weekend.The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.22% rose 60.14 points, or 0.2%, to 26,091.95. The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.11% gained 3.44 points, or 0.1%, to 2,796.11, at one point trading above 2,800 for the first time since Nov. 8 on an intraday basis. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.02% added 26.92 points, or 0.4%, to 7,554.46.Read: It is the best start for the stock market in 32 years by one measure \u2014 so why is Wall Street so uneasy?Trade headlines dominated the action, with global equities climbing after Trump tweeted late Sunday that he would extend a March 1 deadline for increasing tariffs on Chinese imports. He cited \u201csubstantial progress\u201d across key topics such as intellectual property, technology transfers, agriculture and currency, and said if that continues, he will meet with President Xi Jinping at Mar-a-Lago to wrap up a deal.Opinion: History suggests you should buy the dip if stocks falter at this levelThe comments came after U.S. and Chinese negotiators held talks through the weekend in a bid to resolve the long-running trade war. Still, Chinese state-owned Xinhua News Agency said in a commentary that the latest round of talks show \u201cthere are still some differences that need more time to be ironed out.\u201dOptimism was further boosted by reports that Trump told a gathering of state governors Monday morning that there would be soon be a \u201csigning ceremony\u201d for the trade deal, supporting widespread perceptions that the president is eager to reach a deal in the coming weeks.The Chicago Fed national activity index declined in January to negative-0.4, falling from a downward-revised, positive reading of 0.5 in December. A negative reading indicates the economy is growing at a below-trend rate.Wholesale inventories in the U.S. rose 1.1% in December, according to a Census Bureau estimate that was delayed due to the government shutdown.Read: Experts fear a 1960s-style rerun of the Fed letting inflation build up\u201cWe\u2019re seeing progress on geopolitical issues,\u201d Stephen Lee, founding principal of Logan Capital Management, told MarketWatch, pointing to reports that suggest the U.S. and China are close to reaching a deal, or at least a truce, on trade issues.The removal of the threat of higher tariffs, Lee argued, should be a boon for stock pickers, as market performance would now hinge more on how individual companies are managing the changing global economic landscape and entrenching themselves in fast-growing economies like that of China and India.Frank Cappelleri, a technical strategist at Instinet LLC, blamed short-term profit-taking for stocks coming off intraday highs.\u201cThe biggest drawdown since early January for the S&P 500 has been only 2.2%, thus, the market is due for a breather,\u201d he said.Shares of General Electric Co. GE, -0.38% rallied 6.4% after the industrial conglomerate announced the sale of its biopharama business to Danaher Corp. DHR, -0.08% for $21 billion in cash. Danaher also soared 8.5%.Spark Therapeutics Inc. ONCE, -0.18% skyrocketed 120% after Roche Holding AG ROG, -0.16%  said it would buy the biotechnology company in an all-cash deal worth $5.8 billion. Roche will pay $114.50 per Spark share, a premium of 122% to its closing price on Feb. 22.Shares of Clementia Pharmaceuticals CMTA, -0.12%  were up 74% after France\u2019s Ipsen IPN, -0.79%  said it would buy the Canada-based drug group in a deal valued at up to $1.31 billion.Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, +0.00% class A shares were up 0.5% after Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Warren Buffett released his investment letter over the weekend. The conglomerate swung to a $25.4 billion loss in the fourth quarter, partly due to an unexpected write-down for Kraft Heinz Co. KHC, -0.40% .Shares of Kraft Heinz fell 2.1% after plunging 27% on Friday, its worst session ever after disappointing earnings and news of a probe by the Securities and Exchange Commission.Shares of Newmont Mining Corp. NEM, +0.34% dropped 1% after Barrick Gold Corp. ABX, -1.18% said it had made an unsolicited proposal to buy the rival gold miner in a stock deal that would value Newmont at nearly $18 billion.The Shanghai Composite Index SHCOMP, +0.85% closed up 5.6%, its best gain since mid-2015, according to Fact Set Research. Japan\u2019s Nikkei 225 NIK, -0.23% however, shed 0.2%. European stocks were moderately higher, with the Stoxx Europe 600 SXXP, +0.26% up 0.2%In commodity markets, crude oil US:CLJ9 fell sharply, while gold prices GCJ9, -0.21%  settled lower and the U.S. dollar DXY, +0.08% slipped 0.1%.\u2014Barbara Kollmeyer contributed to this articleProviding critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Stocks close higher as Trump delays China tariff deadline"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-wins-in-second-qualcomm-patent-ruling-of-the-day-from-itc-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 5:07 p.m. ET", "article": "Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.06% received a more favorable ruling in the second U.S. International Trade Commission judgement of the day involving its international legal fight with Qualcomm Inc. QCOM, -2.45% In a final ruling, the commission found that Apple did not infringe on a Qualcomm patent in its iPhones, and that other claims were invalid. Earlier in the day, a judge ruled in a separate Qualcomm claim that Apple infringed on a patent and iPhones should be banned from import to the U.S. That dispute will likely move to the full commission now, with a ruling at a later date. Apple shares gained 0.3% in immediate after-hours trading following the ruling's release at 5 p.m. Eastern, while Qualcomm stock declined 0.4%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple wins in second Qualcomm patent ruling of the day from ITC"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/triple-and-berkshire-hathaway-guard-insurance-companies-partner-on-smart-water-leak-prevention-pilot-project-2019-02-28": {"date": "Feb 28, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Water damage is the second most common insurance property claim in the US after hail and wind damage and billions of dollars are spent in claims and repairing damages annually. GUARD aims to reduce these costs for customers and the company through the utilization of unique end-to-end water leak damage prevention systems. Berkshire Hathaway GUARD and Triple+ have launched a pilot project that utilizes Triple+ devices powered with its cloud monitoring service.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190228005464/en/According to Berkshire Hathaway GUARD CEO Sy Foguel, \u201cWe believe our ultimate goal is always to help our customers avoid damage to their property. We have entered into this new IoT (Internet of Things) technology pilot project in the hope of finding an important new way in which we might realize this objective for our customers.In the pilot project GUARD will offer new and existing customers Triple+ product lines at discounted prices.Included in the equipment offered are water flow sensors that shut off the main water supply depending on the problem. The Triple+ CLM\u2122 All-In-One automatically shuts off the main water supply when abnormal water usage is detected and the Triple+ CLM\u2122 that automatically shuts off the main water supply upon detection of a flood. This system also includes remote management of the equipment via a smartphone app for event handling and water system management. The easy to use app will generate alerts for abnormal water use, device\u2019s low battery levels, freezing temperature and an indication of whether a valve is open or shut. Controlling equipment from remote locations is particularly useful for property owners who are away on vacation or for property management companies that oversee multiple units, some of which may be vacant.All Triple+ devices are wireless and installed in minutes with no need for any wiring.\u201cOur proprietary and unique technology allows for a groundbreaking opportunity for the insurance industry to drastically cut the number of claims that result from water damage. Customers will now have full control over their plumbing systems and will no longer be taken by surprise when pipes leak or burst. We commend GUARD on their vision and look forward to the positive results from our collaboration,\u201d notes Michael Isakov, CEO of Triple+.About Triple+Triple+ was established in 2011 and is an innovative and leading manufacturer and marketer of products and services within the IoT (Internet of Things) arena. The Company offers solutions for averting property damage, injury and financial losses due to water leaks in municipal, commercial and domestic properties. Triple+ products are available in North America and Europe via leading nationwide distributors. http://www.tripleplus.io/About Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance CompaniesBerkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance Companies is a property and casualty insurance specialist writing policies nationwide for over a quarter million policyholders. Headquartered in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, theBerkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance Companies maintains a total of eight offices throughout the country. http:/www.guard.comwww.triplepluse.ioView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190228005464/en/SOURCE: Triple+Sivan Fridner\nMarketing Manager\n+972 54 8052 133\nsivan.fridner@tripleplus.io Mary Michaely\nStrategy & PR\n+972-52-2390890\nMary@marymichaely.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Triple+ and Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance Companies Partner on Smart Water Leak Prevention Pilot Project"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-clambers-above-26000-at-open-attempts-to-match-longest-win-streak-of-2019-ahead-of-fed-update-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 9:34 a.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks on Tuesday opened solidly higher ahead of a policy update by the Federal Reserve set to be released Wednesday afternoon. Investors appeared to shake off news reports that President Donald Trump and Chinese leader Xi Jinping to formally end a U.S.-China trade dispute is unlikely to occur until June. A report from Bloomberg News last week placed April as a tentative time for that gathering, delayed from sometime this month. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.02% was up solidly, gaining 113 points, or 0.4%, to 26,029, on pace for its fifth gain in a row, which would match the blue-chip index's longest string of gains since the period ended Jan. 10, according to FactSet data. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.12% rose 0.4% at 2,844, while the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.17% climbed 0.5% to 7,756. A meeting of the rate-setting Federal Open Market Committee is set to commence later Tuesday morning, with an update to policy set to be released at 2 p.m. Eastern Time. In corporate news, shares of Nvidia Corp. NVDA, -0.93% were in focus Tuesday after the company announced Monday evening that Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.40% would now be using its T4 data-center chips.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Dow clambers above 26,000 at open, attempts to match longest win streak of 2019 ahead of Fed update"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/lubrizol-expands-pearlbond-toluene-free-tpu-portfolio-for-adhesive-films-powder-webs-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 8:01 a.m. ET", "article": "(GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- News ReleaseLubrizol Expands Pearlbond Toluene-free TPU Portfolio For Adhesive Films, Powder & WebsCLEVELAND, March 25, 2019 - The Lubrizol Corporation's Engineered Polymers business announces the addition of a new, toluene-free Pearlbond(TM) thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) for adhesive powders, films and webs. Lubrizol has expanded the high-melt strength Pearlbond(TM) TPU portfolio for adhesive formulators by adding Pearlbond(TM) 1170L to Pearlbond(TM) 1160 and 1160L series.These high-performing resins are already widely used in highly demanding end-uses such as fire hoses, thermobonding films for use in footwear, furniture, apparel, sealing tapes and automotive interior trim. This portfolio is the ideal lightweight solution for environmentally-friendly (toluene-free) applications and offers the following key benefits: Short cycle time, very good wetting properties and excellent waterproof performance. In addition, it is the ideal resin for film and sheet conversion applications thanks to its gel-free properties and high melt strength.\"Adhesive formulators who are looking to manufacture hot melt solutions that are efficient, cost-effective and recyclable* will be delighted with the latest Pearlbond(TM) addition. Pearlbond(TM) 1170L polymer combines these features with an improvement in resistance to heat, washing and dry-cleaning cycles. Customers will appreciate the versatility, reliability and convenience of the new Lubrizol solution in demanding applications\" states Gonzalo Lowenberg, Global Technical Business Manager for Lubrizol Engineered Polymers.About Lubrizol Engineered PolymersWith more than 60 years of experience and a worldwide network that includes formulation design, manufacturing, R&D and cutting-edge technologies, Lubrizol Engineered Polymers offers one of the broadest portfolios of engineered polymers available today including resins that are bio-based**, recyclable*, light stable, flame retardant, adhesive, chemically resistant, optically clear and fast cycling. Our technology crosses many industries and applications, including surface protection, power and fluid systems, sports and recreation, wearable devices, electronics and automotive. For more information, visit www.lubrizol.com/engineered-polymers or contact engineeredpolymers@lubrizol.com.- more -About The Lubrizol CorporationThe Lubrizol Corporation, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is a market-driven global company that combines complex, specialty chemicals to optimize the quality, performance and value of customers' products while reducing their environmental impact. It is a leader at combining market insights with chemistry and application capabilities to deliver valuable solutions to customers in the global transportation, industrial and consumer markets. Lubrizol improves lives by acting as an essential partner in our customers' success, delivering efficiency, reliability or wellness to their end users. Technologies include lubricant additives for engine oils, driveline and other transportation-related fluids, industrial lubricants, as well as additives for gasoline and diesel fuel. In addition, Lubrizol makes ingredients and additives for home care, personal care and skin care products and specialty materials encompassing polymer and coatings technologies, along with polymer-based pharmaceutical and medical device solutions.With headquarters in Wickliffe, Ohio, Lubrizol owns and operates manufacturing facilities in 17 countries, as well as sales and technical offices around the world. Founded in 1928, Lubrizol has approximately 8,700 employees worldwide. Revenues for 2018 were $6.8 billion. For more information, visit Lubrizol.com.*Recyclability is based on access to a readily available standard recycling program that supports such materials. Products may not be available in all areas.**Bio-based content as certified in accordance with ASTM D-6866.All marks are owned by The Lubrizol Corporation.New toluene-free Pearlbond(TM) TPU for hot melt applications such as hoses (applied as an adhesive layer to bond the fabric to the hose).Media ContactsNicholas Galioto+1 216 447-5697The Lubrizol CorporationLidia Valcarcel+34 93 579-9565Web Siteswww.lubrizol.com/engineered-polymerswww.lubrizol.comThis announcement is distributed by West Corporation on behalf of West Corporation clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: Lubrizol via GlobenewswireCopyright (C) 2019 GLOBE NEWSWIRE. All rights reserved.", "title": "Lubrizol Expands Pearlbond Toluene-free TPU Portfolio For Adhesive Films, Powder & Webs"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazons-stock-gains-08-premarket-on-track-to-open-at-3-12-mo-high-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 9:27 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-kicks-off-spring-with-the-launch-of-belei-its-first-dedicated-skincare-line-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Amazon AMZN, -0.29% today announcedthe launch of Belei, a line of high-quality skincare products that offer solutions for various skin types and feature ingredients with proven effectiveness. The collection has 12 different items, including everything from retinol moisturizer to vitamin C serums, to help customers address common skincare concerns like acne, the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, dark spots, dehydration, dullness and more. All Belei products are free of parabens, phthalates, sulfates and fragrance and are not tested on animals. Belei product bottles are made of post-consumer recycled resin and carton packaging is 100% recyclable.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005029/en/\u201cOur goal is to help customers spend less time and money searching for the right skincare solutions,\u201d said Kara Trousdale, Head of Beauty for Private Brands on Amazon.com. \u201cWe took a simple, no-nonsense approach when creating Belei, developing products with ingredients that are both proven to deliver results and also offer customers great value for the quality.\u201dAll Belei products are eligible for free shipping, including unlimited FREE Two-Day Shipping with Amazon Prime, and come with our Satisfaction Guarantee. The full collection is available at www.amazon.com/belei. Products include:AboutAmazonAmazonis guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment byAmazon, AWS,Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered byAmazon. For more information, visitwww.amazon.com/aboutand follow @AmazonNews.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005029/en/SOURCE: Amazon.com, Inc.Amazon.com, Inc.\nMedia Hotline\nAmazon-pr@amazon.com\nwww.amazon.com/prCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Amazon Kicks Off Spring with the Launch of Belei, its First Dedicated Skincare Line"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/berkshire-hathaway-homeservices-indiana-realty-sets-production-mark-anticipates-a-strong-year-ahead-for-indiana-real-estate-2019-02-25": {"date": "Feb 25, 2019 1:45 p.m. ET", "article": "Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Indiana Realty, one of the state\u2019s market share leaders for real estate transactions and sales volume, set a company production record by generating $1.05 billion in sales volume in 2018 on nearly 5,200 transactions. The brokerage crossed the billion-dollar threshold for the first time and its CEO anticipates another strong year across the board for real estate in Indiana.\u201c2018 was a banner year for our team,\u201d said Craig West, Indiana Realty CEO. \u201cThe market grew in response to favorable market conditions and our team stepped up to serve a significant amount of the business in Central and Southern Indiana. We\u2019re proud of the work and prouder to have nearly 5,200 satisfied homebuyers and sellers.\u201dIndiana Realty\u2019s sale volume rose 7% over 2017 totals. The brokerage\u2019s average sales price at $202,748 rose 9.4% over the previous year and was 8.3% ahead of the state\u2019s average sales price in 2018. \u201cOur sales professionals work hard for their clients and achieve top dollar for their listings,\u201d West said.Indiana will likely see another strong year for real estate sales, West explained. The state\u2019s economy will grow at about a 3% clip this year, according to the Kelley School of Business at University of Indiana, and job growth will be strong. \u201cJobs in the Indy Metro area grew 21% in 2018 and based on the percolating economy, I don\u2019t see that slowing down. These are the fundamentals of another solid year for real estate.\u201dWest said Indiana home sales were hampered in 2018 by a general lack of re-sale inventory in the state. \u201cDemand outstripping supply,\u201d he said. Yet with new-home sales driving the local market, particularly around the Indy Metro region, West believes more re-sale homes will come to market in 2019, easing the inventory challenges.\u201cMost people buying new homes have a home to sell,\u201d West said. \u201cWith more homes coming to market this year there will be less upward pressure on home prices across the state, so I predict a leveling off of home prices in 2019. Greater balance in the market is good for everyone.\u201dMortgage rates, which backed off recent highs established in the second half of 2018, should remain below 5% for a 30-year conforming mortgage, West added. \u201cThis should help many homebuyers.\u201dAbout Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Indiana RealtyIndiana Realty was founded in 1980 on the principle of bringing together the most professional group of real estate salespeople to provide the highest level of real estate services to their clients and customers. The brokerage, with 14 offices throughout Central and Southern Indiana, is structured for localized management decisions and superior service. Its motto stands clear: \u201cIndiana Real Estate at its Highest Level.\u201d Visit www.bhhsINrealty.com.About Berkshire Hathaway HomeServicesBerkshire Hathaway HomeServices, based in Irvine, CA, is a real estate brokerage network built for a new era in residential real estate. The network, among the few organizations entrusted to use the world-renowned Berkshire Hathaway name, brings to the real estate market a definitive mark of trust, integrity, stability and longevity. The brand was recognized for \u201cHighest Satisfaction Among Repeat Home Buyers Among National Full Service Real Estate Firms\u201d in J.D. Power\u2019s 2018 Home Buyer/Seller Satisfaction Study [SM] . Visit www.berkshirehathawayhs.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190225005889/en/SOURCE: Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@BHHSRealEstateKevin Ostler\n(949) 794-7980\nkevinostler@hsfranchise.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Indiana Realty Sets Production Mark; Anticipates a Strong Year Ahead for Indiana Real Estate"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/financial-stocks-fall-again-as-feds-dovish-messages-weighs-on-yields-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 12:28 p.m. ET", "article": "Financial stocks fell Friday, and were the only sector of the S&P 500's SPX, +0.15% 11 sectors to be losing ground, as Treasury yields extending declines amid growing concerns of a slowing economy. The SPDR Financial Select Sector ETF XLF, +0.24% declined 0.4%, and has now lost 3.2% amid a 3-session losing streak. Among some of the financial ETF's most heavily weighted components, shares of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.45% fell 1.8% to pace the Dow Jones Industrial Average's DJIA, +0.25% decliners, Bank of America Corp. BAC, +0.51% shed 1.4%, Citigroup Inc. C, +0.65% slid 1.0%, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +0.27% gave up 0.3% and Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +0.19% lost 1.2%. Meanwhile, the yield on the 10-year Treasury yield declined 1.4 basis points to a 14-month low of 2.451%, in the wake of the Federal Reserve's dovish message, in which the central bank cut its outlook for economic growth and inflation, as well as its projections for interest-rate hikes to none from two. Lower Treasury yields can hurt bank profits, as they narrow the spread between what banks earn on longer-term assets, like loans, that are funded by shorter-term liabilities.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Financial stocks fall again, as Fed's dovish messages weighs on yields"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-infringed-on-qualcomm-patent-judge-rules-some-iphones-face-import-ban-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 2:24 p.m. ET", "article": "The United States International Trade Commission ruled Tuesday that Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.94% infringed on an aspect of a Qualcomm Inc. QCOM, -2.87% patent. Qualcomm had asserted that Apple infringed upon three patents as part of a long-running legal battle between the two technology giants. Administrative Law Judge MaryJoan McNamara is recommending a \"limited exclusion order together with a cease and desist order.\" That will place an import ban on certain iPhones, but the document posted on the ITC website didn't discuss which models would be covered under the ban. The ban is expected to relate to older iPhone models. Apple shares are down 0.1% in afternoon trading on Tuesday, while Qualcomm's stock is up 1.8%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple infringed on Qualcomm patent, judge rules, some iPhones face import ban"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-announces-credit-card-in-partnership-with-goldman-sachs-mastercard-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 1:58 p.m. ET", "article": "Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.87% on Monday announced a new credit card in partnership with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -0.72% and Mastercard Inc. MA, -0.12% The Apple Card offers 1% cash back on purchases, delivered immediately to a user's Apple Cash balance, 2% cash back on Apple Pay purchases, and 3% cash back on transactions within the Apple ecosystem. Cardholders receive a titanium card that has no card number, security code, or expiration date printed on the physical card. Apple uses machine learning to give cardholders more precise details about where their transactions occurred and lets users text for customer-service requests. Apple also said that it will provide more transparency about interest payments and spending habits than traditional card companies. Users apply for the card on their phone. Apple's stock is down 1.2% in midday trading, while Goldman Sachs shares are off 0.4% and Mastercard's stock is down 0.4%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple announces credit card in partnership with Goldman Sachs, Mastercard"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/jamie-dimon-the-wealthy-are-doing-fine-but-the-poor-are-being-left-behind-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 2:01 p.m. ET", "article": "That\u2019s what Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.45% had to say about what he describes as America\u2019s \u201cbifurcated economy,\u201d according to CNBC.Dimon, who clearly is \u201cdoing fine\u201d with a reported net worth of $1.3 billion, was speaking at an event in New York to unveil a new $350 million program aimed at improving job prospects for people in underserved communities.Setting a personal record, Dimon received a compensation package valued at $31 million in 2018, up 5% from $29.5 million in 2017.Dimon has often spoken of the need to narrow the divide between the haves and the have-nots. In an op-ed in the New York Times years ago, he said issues like a lack of education, training and skills development have led about two-thirds of Americans to expect the next generation to be worse off than the last, and that\u2019s preventing many from reaping the rewards of the country\u2019s economic growth.\u201cIt is true that too many people are not getting a fair opportunity to get ahead,\u201d he wrote. \u201cWe must find ways to help them move up the economic ladder, and everyone \u2014 business, government and nonprofits \u2014 needs to play a role.\u201dIn his latest discussion on the matter, Dimon again touched on the \u201cbroken\u201d educational system in the wake of the admissions scam that erupted last week. He said that JPMorgan Chase stopped donating to colleges years ago due to shortfalls he noted well before the latest scandal hit.\u201cHarvard and Princeton are not a philanthropy,\u201d he said. \u201cHelping these kids is.\u201d", "title": "Jamie Dimon: The wealthy are doing fine, but the poor are being left behind"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/owc-announces-memory-upgrades-for-new-2019-27-inch-imac-5k-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 5:51 p.m. ET", "article": "WOODSTOCK, Ill., March 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- OWC\u00ae, a leading zero emissions Mac and PC technology company announced today that they are now offering memory upgrades for the just announced 2019 27-inch iMac 5K. OWC high-performing memory kits enable customers to boost performance levels and run more apps, work with larger files, speed up render times, and manipulate larger data sets.These upgrades allow iMac owners to maximize their technology investment with up to 64GB of memory for the highest performance level and giant savings versus Apple factory installation. In addition to greater speeds, new iMac owners can save up to 62% on memory upgrades plus they can even experience greater savings through OWC's Memory trade-in rebate program.Availability and Pricing \nOWC Memory Kits for the 2019 27-inch iMac 5K are available for same day shipping via OWC Memory Upgrades. OWC kits provide a substantial per-gigabyte savings in comparison with factory-installed options.  2019 27-inch iMac 5K models: 16GB Kit (8 GB x 2) OWC2666DDR4S16P - $118.88 (save 40% vs factory / 48% with trade-in)32GB Kit (16GB x 2) OWC2666DDR4S32P - $229.88 (save 62% vs factory / 63% with trade-in)64GB Kit (16GB x 4) OWC2666DDR4S64S - $449.99 (save 55% vs factory / 56% with trade-in)In addition, OWC is presently qualification testing 128GB of memory in new 2019 iMac 27-inch and will be confirming results very soon. We can immediately confirm the system is able to see 128GB installed, we are confirming that the applications and OS fully and reliably utilize this double the factory max configuration.\"OWC has grown on a foundation of helping customers to get the most of their technology, maximizing what truly are fantastic pieces of technology,\" said Larry O'Connor, Founder and CEO of OWC. \"We are proud to continue that tradition with the newest 2019 iMacs and hope that even more consumers will be able to take advantage of the speeds, savings and top performance that they can reach with OWC memory.\"Continuing in their tradition of being first to certify and deliver DIY upgrade solutions for iMac owners, OWC is pleased to provide these cost-effective, high-performing memory kits to their customers.  OWC is THE Trusted Name in Mac Memory  \nMacSales.com offers OWC memory upgrades for nearly every current and past Apple notebook and desktop computer manufactured during the past two decades, including iMac, iMac Pro, MacBook, MacBook Pro, and Mac Pro. By maintaining a state-of-the-art test lab, OWC ensures its memory upgrades offer the highest product quality and reliability, backing them with an OWC Lifetime Advance Replacement Program and 30-Day Money Back Guarantee.About OWC \nOther World Computing (OWC), founded in 1988, is dedicated to helping tech enthusiasts and industry professionals do more and reach higher. Our trusted storage, connectivity, software and expansion solutions enable creative professionals, producers, educators and government entities to get the most out of their technology investments, protect valuable digital assets and expand their hardware's capabilities to keep up with the demands and evolution of their work. OWC features an award-winning technical support team that is on hand 24/7 as well as an unparalleled library of step-by-step installation and support videos. In everything we do at OWC, we believe in making a better world where technology inspires imagination and everything is possible. Get social: follow OWC on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Twitter.  \u00a9 2019 Other World Computing, Inc. All rights reserved. Apple and Mac are the trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Other marks may be the trademark or registered trademark property of their respective owners.View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/owc-announces-memory-upgrades-for-new-2019-27-inch-imac-5k-300815230.htmlSOURCE OWCCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "OWC Announces Memory Upgrades for new 2019 27-inch iMac 5K"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/mercadolibre-inc-announces-closing-of-follow-on-offering-2019-03-15-161843025": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 4:30 p.m. ET", "article": "BUENOS AIRES, March 15, Mar 15, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- BUENOS AIRES, March 15, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MercadoLibre, Inc. MELI, +0.86% Latin America's leading e-commerce technology company, today announced the closing of its previously announced underwritten public offering of approximately US$1.15 billion of common stock at a public offering price of $480 per share, which includes the exercise in full of the underwriters' option to purchase $150 million of additional shares of common stock.The Company today also announced the closing of its $750 million concurrent private offering of common stock to PayPal, and expects to close its previously announced offering of $100 million Preferred Stock to Dragoneer on or prior to March 29, 2019, resulting in a total offering of $2 billion.Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley are acting as joint bookrunners for the public offering.An automatically effective registration statement relating to these securities was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2019. The offering was made only by means of an effective shelf registration statement, including a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, copies of which may be obtained from Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, telephone: (866) 471-2526 or email: prospectusny@ny.email.gs.com, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014.This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.About MercadoLibreMercadoLibre hosts the largest online commerce and payments ecosystem in Latin America. Its efforts are centered on enabling e-commerce and digital and mobile payments on behalf of its customers by delivering a suite of technology solutions across the complete value chain of commerce. The company is present in 18 countries, including: Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, Venezuela and Peru. Based on unique visitors and page views, MercadoLibre is the market leader in each of the major countries where it is present.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. Any statements contained herein, which do not describe historical facts, including, but not limited to, statements regarding the anticipated use of proceeds of the offering are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements. Unless required by law, MercadoLibre, Inc. undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events after the date hereof.Contact:MercadoLibre, Inc.\nInvestor Relations\ninvestor@mercadolibre.com\nhttp://investor.mercadolibre.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "MercadoLibre, Inc. Announces Closing of Follow-on Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/triple-and-berkshire-hathaway-guard-insurance-companies-partner-on-smart-water-leak-prevention-pilot-project-2019-02-28-1018370": {"date": "Feb 28, 2019 10:07 a.m. ET", "article": "WILKES-BARRE, Pa., Feb. 28, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Triple+, a leader in IoT technology solutions for water leak damage prevention, has announced a pilot project with Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance Companies.Water damage is the second most common insurance property claim in the US after hail and wind damage, and billions of dollars are spent in claims and repairing damages annually. GUARD aims to reduce these costs for customers and the company through the utilization of unique end-to-end water leak damage prevention systems.  Berkshire Hathaway GUARD and Triple+ have launched a pilot project that utilizes Triple+ devices powered with its cloud monitoring service.According to Berkshire Hathaway GUARD CEO Sy Foguel, \"We believe our ultimate goal is always to help our customers avoid damage to their property.  We have entered into this new IoT (Internet of Things) technology pilot project in the hope of finding an important new way in which we might realize this objective for our customers.\"In the pilot project, GUARD will offer new and existing customers Triple+ product lines at discounted prices.Included in the equipment offered are water flow sensors that shut off the main water supply, depending on the problem. The Triple+ CLM\u2122 All-In-One automatically shuts off the main water supply when abnormal water usage is detected and upon detection of a flood. This system also includes remote management of the equipment via a smartphone app for event handling and water system management. The easy to use app will generate alerts for abnormal water use, device's low battery levels, freezing temperature, and an indication of whether a valve is open or shut. Controlling equipment from remote locations is particularly useful for property owners away on vacation or property management companies that oversee multiple units, some of which may be vacant.All Triple+ devices are wireless and installed in minutes with no need for any wiring.\"Our proprietary and unique technology allows for a groundbreaking opportunity for the insurance industry to drastically cut the number of claims that result from water damage. Customers will now have full control over their plumbing systems and will no longer be taken by surprise when pipes leak or burst. We commend GUARD on their vision and look forward to the positive results from our collaboration,\" notes Michael Isakov, CEO of Triple+. About Triple+Triple+ was established in 2011 and is an innovative and leading manufacturer and marketer of products and services within the IoT (Internet of Things) arena. The Company offers solutions for averting property damage, injury, and financial losses due to water leaks in municipal, commercial, and domestic properties. Triple+ products are available in North America and Europe via leading nationwide distributors. http://www.tripleplus.io/A bout Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance CompaniesGUARD is a property and casualty insurance specialist writing policies nationwide for over a quarter million policyholders.  Headquartered in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, GUARD maintains eight offices throughout the country. http://www.guard.com Contact: Elizabeth Hartman, AVP Marketing\n570-825-9900, extension 8904 or e-mail Elizabeth.Hartman@guard.comView original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/triple-and-berkshire-hathaway-guard-insurance-companies-partner-on-smart-water-leak-prevention-pilot-project-300804209.htmlSOURCE Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance CompaniesCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Triple+ and Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance Companies Partner on Smart Water Leak Prevention Pilot Project"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/when-the-us-falls-into-a-recession-a-credit-bubble-will-explode-2019-03-20-17103016": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 5:00 p.m. ET", "article": "The U.S. economy, at its own peril, has been driven by cheap credit. See full story.The central bank is trying to resuscitate the credit multiplier effect and return the financial system to more normal ways of operation. See full story.Bill Gates has yet to reclaim the title of world\u2019s richest man he lost last year, but the Microsoft co-founder, now global philanthropist, did just manage to join Amazon\u2019s Jeff Bezos in the elite 12-figure club. See full story.The world\u2019s happiest, and most miserable, countries, according to new U.N. report See full story.Iconic blue jeans company Levi Strauss & Co. has filed for an IPO. See full story.Wednesday\u2019s personal finance stories See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free After the Bell newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "When the U.S. falls into a recession, a credit bubble will explode"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/johns-manville-partners-with-company-cottage-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 8:05 a.m. ET", "article": "SAUGATUCK, Mich., March 27, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Johns Manville (JM), a leading manufacturer of premium-quality insulation and a Berkshire Hathaway company has partnered with Company & Cottage to provide insulation for the renovation of a small barn into a hand-crafted cottage near Saugatuck, Mich.Just off the coast of Lake Michigan, The Little White Barn is undergoing full renovation by Christine and Gabriel Bridger of Company & Cottage. The Little White Barn will become a three-bedroom, two-bathroom cottage with all new appliances and brand-new insulation but will maintain its rustic barn charm by preserving the original wood paneled walls.    Company & Cottage is a family owned, operated and local business that restores decrepit cottages into beautiful, destination locations in Western Michigan available for rent or purchase.\"JM is happy to help Company & Cottage complete this renovation by providing the insulation,\" said Christina Martinez, retail marketing manager of building insulation at JM. \"We're confident that the work of Christine and Gabriel will transform the worn-down barn into a lakeside escape that will not only be peaceful and charming, but energy efficient and comfortable due to the benefits of proper insulation.\"On Michigan's lakefront, Christine Bridger and her family began overhauling The Little White Barn in January of 2019. The JM insulation is set to be installed at the end of March. \"Renovating this 1907 barn requires starting from the basics,\" said Christine Bridger, principal designer for Company & Cottage. \"There's no existing insulation in this space. Insulating an older home is crucial, especially when transforming a formerly functional barn into a livable rental home for summer getaways.\"The project completion date is June 2019.About Johns Manville Johns Manville, a Berkshire Hathaway company BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.03% is a leading manufacturer and marketer of premium-quality products for building insulation, mechanical insulation, commercial roofing and roof insulation, as well as fibers and nonwovens for commercial, industrial and residential applications. JM serves markets that include aerospace, automotive and transportation, air handling, appliance, HVAC, pipe and equipment, filtration, waterproofing, building, flooring, interiors and wind energy. In business since 1858, the Denver-based company has annual sales over $3 billion and holds leadership positions in all of the key markets that it serves. Johns Manville employs 8,000 people and operates 42 manufacturing facilities in North America, Europe and China. Additional information can be found at www.jm.com.Company + Cottage www.companyandcottage.com \n@companyandcottageView original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/johns-manville-partners-with-company--cottage-300818628.htmlSOURCE Johns ManvilleCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Johns Manville Partners With Company & Cottage"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/ingersoll-rand-prices-15-billion-senior-notes-offering-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 6:30 a.m. ET", "article": "Ingersoll-Rand plc IR, +0.49% (the \u201cCompany\u201d), a world leader in creating comfortable, sustainable and efficient environments, today announced that it priced the previously announced offering by its indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary, Luxembourg Finance S.A., of $400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.50% senior notes due 2026, $750 million aggregate principal amount of 3.80% senior notes due 2029 and $350 million aggregate principal amount of 4.50% senior notes due 2049. The notes will be guaranteed by the Company and by Ingersoll-Rand Global Holding Company Limited, Ingersoll-Rand Lux International Holding Company S.\u00e0 r.l., Ingersoll-Rand Irish Holdings Unlimited Company and Ingersoll-Rand Company, each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The offering is expected to close on March 21, 2019, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.We intend to use the net proceeds from the offering to finance the proposed acquisition of Precision Flow Systems, to pay expenses related to the offering and for general corporate purposes. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated are acting as representatives of the underwriters.We have filed an effective registration statement (including a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (\u201cSEC\u201d) for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the effective registration statement (including the prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus) for more complete information about the Company and this offering. You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies may be obtained from Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York, 11717, Telephone: 800-831-9146, prospectus@citi.com; or from Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, New York, 10282, telephone: 1-866-471-2526, facsimile: 212-902-9316 or by emailing prospectusgroup-ny@ny.email.gs.com; or from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at the following address: 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York, 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 3rd Floor or by calling 212-834-4533 or from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina, 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department or by calling 1-800-294-1322.These securities are only offered by means of the prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus related to the offering. This news release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities mentioned in this news release in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.Forward-Looking StatementsCertain statements contained in this news release, other than purely historical information, are \u201cforward-looking statements\u201d within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words \u201cbelieve,\u201d \u201cproject,\u201d \u201cexpect,\u201d \u201canticipate,\u201d \u201cestimate,\u201d \u201cforecast,\u201d \u201coutlook,\u201d \u201cintend,\u201d \u201cstrategy,\u201d \u201cplan,\u201d \u201ccould,\u201d \u201cmay,\u201d \u201cshould,\u201d \u201cwill,\u201d \u201cwould,\u201d \u201cwill be,\u201d \u201cwill continue,\u201d \u201cwill likely result,\u201d or the negative thereof or variations thereon or similar terminology generally intended to identify forward-looking statements.While we believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections are reasonable in view of the currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Some of the significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections are described more fully in Item 1A \u201cRisk Factors\u201d in the Company\u2019s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and \u201cRisk Factors\u201d in our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in our other filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by such risk factors. We assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.About Ingersoll RandIngersoll Rand IR, +0.49% advances the quality of life by creating comfortable, sustainable and efficient environments. Our people and our family of brands \u2014 including Club Car [\u00ae] , Ingersoll Rand [\u00ae] , Thermo King [\u00ae] and Trane [\u00ae] \u2014 work together to enhance the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings; transport and protect food and perishables; and increase industrial productivity and efficiency. We are a global business committed to a world of sustainable progress and enduring results.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005216/en/SOURCE: Ingersoll RandMedia:\nPerri Richman\n(732) 652-6943\nprichman@irco.com\nInvestors:\nZac Nagle\n(704) 990-3913\ninvestorrelations@irco.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Ingersoll Rand Prices $1.5 Billion Senior Notes Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/lubrizol-completes-acquisition-of-laboratoire-phenobio-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 9:13 a.m. ET", "article": "(GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) --News ReleaseLubrizol Completes Acquisition of Laboratoire PhenobioAdds innovative botanical extracts and subcritical water extraction technology to portfolioCLEVELAND, March 18, 2019 - The Lubrizol Corporation announces the acquisition of Laboratoire Phenobio, an innovative supplier of naturally-derived extracts and botanical active ingredients. Recognized across the world as a pioneer in botanical extracts and natural performance ingredients, this addition expands Lubrizol's existing capabilities to provide clean natural ingredients across the cosmetic, nutraceutical and life sciences industries.Located near the Bordeaux region in France, the company's unique capabilities in subcritical water extraction (SWE) of botanical biomass, coupled with their energy-economic and eco-responsible technologies provide significant value to Lubrizol's global sustainability efforts. This expertise includes a technology used to extract phytoactives from botanical raw materials and is also commonly known as pressurized low polarity water (PLPW). The technology involves extraction of a broad range of phytoactives that are not normally obtained with only water.\"Lubrizol continues to invest in innovative technologies to offer step change formulations for the personal care and life sciences markets\" states Deb Langer, Lubrizol vice president and general manager of personal, home and healthcare. \"With this acquisition, Lubrizol customers will have access to novel botanical extracts compliant with ECOCERT(R) and COSMOS standards that meet the naturality and sustainability expectations end users are requiring on a global basis. Additionally, our preferred partners will have access to final formulations using this exciting new technology.\"About Lubrizol Personal and Home CareWe develop, manufacture and market a broad range of specialty products for skin care, hair care, bath and shower, dish care, surface care and fabric care. Our innovative ingredients and additives modify physical properties, enhance functional performance and deliver aesthetic benefits to drive key consumer product claims.About Lubrizol LifeSciencesLubrizol LifeSciences is a preferred Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) partner for complex pharmaceuticals and innovative medical devices providing differentiated polymers and excipients, along with state-of-the-art design, development and manufacturing services to the healthcare industry.About The Lubrizol CorporationThe Lubrizol Corporation, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is a market-driven global company that combines complex, specialty chemicals to optimize the quality, performance and value of customers' products while reducing their environmental impact. It is a leader at combining market insights with chemistry and application capabilities to deliver valuable solutions to customers in the global transportation, industrial and consumer markets. Lubrizol improves lives by acting as an essential partner in our customers' success, delivering efficiency, reliability or wellness to their end users. Technologies include lubricant additives for engine oils, driveline and other transportation-related fluids, industrial lubricants, as well as additives for gasoline and diesel fuel. In addition, Lubrizol makes ingredients and additives for home care, personal care and skin care products and specialty materials encompassing polymer and coatings technologies, along with polymer-based pharmaceutical and medical device solutions.With headquarters in Wickliffe, Ohio, Lubrizol owns and operates manufacturing facilities in 17 countries, as well as sales and technical offices around the world. Founded in 1928, Lubrizol has approximately 8,700 employees worldwide. Revenues for 2018 were $6.8 billion. For more information, visit Lubrizol.com.Media ContactAmanda Rehker216-447-5158Website: www.lubrizol.com###This announcement is distributed by West Corporation on behalf of West Corporation clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: Lubrizol via GlobenewswireCopyright (C) 2019 GLOBE NEWSWIRE. All rights reserved.", "title": "Lubrizol Completes Acquisition of Laboratoire Phenobio"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-first-day-of-spring-comes-with-a-free-cone-at-participating-dq-locations-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 9:30 a.m. ET", "article": "International Dairy Queen Inc.:This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190319005071/en/About IDQ:International Dairy Queen Inc., (IDQ), based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is the parent company of American Dairy Queen Corporation. Through its subsidiaries, IDQ develops, licenses and services a system of 7,000 locations in the United States, Canada and 25 other countries. IDQ is a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire) which is led by Warren Buffet, the legendary investor and CEO of Berkshire. For more information, visit DairyQueen.com.*Survey Methodology:\nADQ commissioned a National Survey of 1,000 consumers provided by Innovate and fielded February 18-20, 2019.Live Remote, V/O and Photo Opportunity for WEDNESDAY, March 20Dropbox of assets: https://bit.ly/2B5u06PView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190319005071/en/SOURCE: International Dairy Queen Inc.\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@dairyqueenMedia contacts: Pierson Grant Public Relations\n954-776-1999\nKimberly Rodriguez, ext. 257 / krodriguez@piersongrant.com\nEmmaJean Livingston, ext. 242 / elivingston@piersongrant.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "The First Day of Spring Comes with a Free Cone at Participating DQ\u00ae Locations"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amds-stock-moves-into-risky-territory-on-google-gaming-hype-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 2:50 p.m. ET", "article": "Momentum investors have abandoned common sense and gone mad over a new announcement in the world of video games.Alphabet\u2019s Google GOOG, -0.77% GOOGL, -0.70% has announced a cloud-based gaming service called Stadia. Stadia is meant to be the Netflix NFLX, -0.16% of gaming. Gamers will be able to stream complex games to their screens without needing consoles or high-powered graphic chips in their computers.Let\u2019s explore how the momentum crowd is viewing Advanced Micro Devices AMD, -2.37% incorrectly.Read: Google and Nvidia display competing views of the future of streaming videogamesPlease click here for an annotated chart of AMD. Please note the following:\u2022 The chart shows there is a strong move in AMD\u2019s stock on the announcement that Stadia will use a custom AMD chip.\u2022 The announcement should not have been a surprise to anyone who carefully studies the gaming space. AMD chips have been used in consoles from Microsoft MSFT, -0.53% and Sony SNE, +0.21%\u2022 The chart shows that AMD\u2019s stock broke out.\u2022 Algorithms at The Arora Report show that a big part of the rise has been due to a short squeeze. In a short squeeze, short sellers panic and buy to cover their positions. This creates artificial demand for the stock.\u2022 There are not many things that I know with certainty about the markets. You may be familiar with Arora\u2019s Second Law of Investing: No one knows with certainty what is going to happen next. However, I do know with certainty that all short squeezes ultimately end. When a short squeeze ends, the stock falls. The process always creates a lot of bag holders in the momentum crowd.\u2022 The chart shows the resistance zone. This means that the stock can go up a lot from here.\u2022 The chart also shows two support zones.\u2022 The chart shows that RSI (relative strength index) is overbought but the stock has room to run.\u2022 The chart shows that the breakout has occurred on high volume. This is a big positive.Ask Arora: Nigam Arora answers your questions about investing in stocks, ETFs, bonds, gold and silver, oil and currencies. Have a question? Send it to Nigam Arora.Based on the foregoing, from traditional technical analysis, the conclusion is that this is a picture-perfect setup to back up the truck and buy AMD\u2019s stock. Such a view may be reinforced by the following two factors:\u2022 The short squeeze has barely started and can go on for a while.\u2022 This market is controlled by the momentum crowd. The \u201cmomo\u201d crowd can run up a stock much higher than can be justified based on fundamentals.To some degree, what happens next will depend on the trajectory of the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.01% S&P 500 ETF SPY, -0.11% and Nasdaq 100 ETF QQQ, -0.10% Please see \u201cWith stocks at an inflection point, it\u2019s time to look at the world like a technical analyst.\u201dKeep in mind that the traditional technical analysis no longer works as well as it used to; please click here to see the reasons.Ask yourself the following questions and you will readily see that the momo crowd has gone mad.\u2022 AMD chips are widely used in gaming consoles. When gaming consoles go away, how much business will AMD lose?\u2022 AMD and Nvidia NVDA, -0.22%  chips are widely used in gaming computers. When the need for gaming computers goes away, how much business will AMD lose?\u2022 AMD is gaining some business from Alphabet. But this business will pale in comparison to the business that AMD will lose because of the above two factors. Why is AMD\u2019s stock being bought so aggressively on the news that, ultimately, AMD will lose revenue?\u2022 Google is not alone. Ultimately expect Microsoft, Amazon AMZN, -0.20% Apple AAPL, +0.93% Facebook FB, -0.08% Sony, Verizon VZ, +0.86% and AT&T T, +0.49% to jump into the business of game streaming. Will AMD face competition?\u2022 Is anybody still holding GameStop GME, -0.70% ?\u2022 Buy AMD on this news if you think there is a bright future for GameStop. GameStop is a brick-and-mortar retailer of video games and consoles. Does anyone remember Blockbuster, the one-time darling of the momo crowd?Here is a case where common sense flies in the face of picture-perfect technical analysis.What to do now depends on if you are a nimble day trader or an investor.If you are a nimble day trader, by all means dance while the music is playing \u2014 buy AMD. As a note of caution, use very tight stops and other risk-control measures.If you are an investor not holding AMD stock, consider staying away from it at this time. There will be better opportunities in the future to buy it. At The Arora Report, we have had a large number of profitable trades on AMD.If you are an investor holding AMD stock, slowly scale out into the strength.If you are an aggressive, experienced investor, consider scaling in a short position on a further short squeeze but with appropriate risk controls.Use this chart as your guide.Before you write me about gaming vendors such as Electronic Arts EA, -1.22% Activision ATVI, -1.37%  and Take-Two Interactive TTWO, -2.23% these will be the subject of a future post.Also understand that Intel INTC, +0.30%  is not on par for graphics needed for serious gaming. Also, the AMD announcement will have no material impact on Micron Technology MU, -1.41%Disclosure: Subscribers to The Arora Report may have positions in the securities mentioned in this article or may take positions at any time. Nigam Arora is an investor, engineer and nuclear physicist by background who has founded two Inc. 500 fastest-growing companies. He is the founder of The Arora Report, which publishes four newsletters. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com.", "title": "Opinion: AMD\u2019s stock moves into risky territory on Google gaming hype"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/oracle-earnings-investors-are-looking-for-something-more-than-a-white-hot-stock-buyback-program-2019-03-12": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 7:19 a.m. ET", "article": "With its stock at a record high, Oracle Corp. needs to show investors that it\u2019s more than just a share-buyback machine, as more and more analysts start shying away from the stock.Oracle ORCL, -0.39%  is scheduled to report fiscal third-quarter earnings after the market close on Thursday. Shares closed 0.5% higher Wednesday at a record $53.06, just above its previous record closing price is $52.97, set on March 9, 2018.As the stock price trades at record highs, however, analysts are having second thoughts about momentum at the company. On Monday, Instinet analyst Christopher Eberle downgraded Oracle to a \u201creduce\u201d rating from a buy on the basis that the company\u2019s $10 billion-a-quarter in stock buybacks can\u2019t last forever, and that the stock\u2019s price faces a challenge when share repurchases go back to normal.Following Oracle\u2019s previous earnings report, analysts shared mixed views on the company, with many saying that Oracle\u2019s earnings beat was financed by its aggressive stock-buyback program.Citing $75 billion in buybacks since 2012, Eberle said he believes the company \u201cis significantly underinvesting in R&D compared to peers at the expense of revenue and operating income growth, while also limiting its opportunity to participate in transformative M&A.\u201d\u201cOur detailed analysis of ORCL\u2019s buybacks since 2012 suggests a high correlation of the rate of the buyback and ORCL stock performance, and we believe a reversion back to the historical average of ~$3bn per quarter in buybacks over the next two years is not enough to meet consensus estimates,\u201d Eberle said.In a recent Goldman Sachs report, the firm listed Oracle\u2019s $29 billion in 2018 buyback spending as second only to Apple Inc.\u2019s AAPL, +1.06%  .In the meantime, the news cycle for Oracle has been relatively quiet, with the most relevant development appearing to be its battle with Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.33% , Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.43% and IBM Corp. IBM, -0.28%  over a $10 billion cloud computing deal with the Department of Defense. Oracle has protested and filed a lawsuit, claiming that wording in the contract appears to favor Amazon Web Services.In other news in recent months, the U.S. Labor Department has accused Oracle of underpaying its female and minority employees, Warren Buffett unloaded his 41 million shares stake in Oracle in the December-ending quarter, the company bought naming rights for 20 years to the ballpark that\u2019s home to the San Francisco Giants, and Chairman Larry Ellison disclosed a $1 billion stake in Tesla Inc. TSLA, +0.54%  .Earnings: Of the 33 analysts surveyed by FactSet, Oracle on average is expected to post adjusted earnings of 84 cents a share, up from the 83 cents a share reported in the year-ago quarter. Oracle forecast 83 cents to 85 cents a share. Estimize, a software platform that uses crowdsourcing from hedge-fund executives, brokerages, buy-side analysts and others, calls for earnings of 86 cents a share.Revenue: Wall Street expects revenue of $9.59 billion from Oracle, according to 29 analysts polled by FactSet. That\u2019s down from the $9.78 billion reported in the year-ago quarter. Estimize expects revenue of $9.64 billion.Analysts expect cloud services and license support revenue of $6.64 billion, and cloud license and on-premise license revenue of $1.24 billion.Stock movement: Since the company\u2019s last earnings report, Oracle shares have advanced 16%, compared with a 10% gain the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.10%  and a 13% rise in the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.18% Over the past 12 months, Oracle shares are up 0.9%, compared with a 1.7% gain in the S&P 500 and a 1.8% rise in the Nasdaq.What analysts are saying: Over the past few months, Oracle has been losing fans on Wall Street. Of the 37 analysts covering Oracle at the end of 2018, 17 had buy or overweight ratings, 19 had hold ratings, and one had a sell rating. At last check, 14 had overweight or buy ratings, 19 had hold ratings and four had sell ratings.Cowen analyst J. Derrick Wood, who has an outperform rating and a $56 price target, painted a much more optimistic picture of Oracle. While Wood also expects buybacks to continue driving earnings per share, he sees \u201cmodest growth re-acceleration\u201d from the company in the second half of the year.\u201cWe continue to believe ORCL is executing well in the Cloud ERP/Financials market and we expect accelerating revenue growth from NetSuite throughout the year,\u201d Wood noted. \u201cWe also expect increased activity with Fusion, ORCL\u2019s enterprise Cloud ERP offering, given that we think enterprise demand for migrating ERP to the cloud is up-ticking.\u201dJMP Securities analyst Patrick Walravens, who has a market perform rating on Oracle, said out of 23 data points collected from customers, partners, private companies, and industry sources, nine were positive and 14 were negative, a slight improvement from 10 positive and 17 negative in the previous quarter.\u201cThe main positive highlight is that co-Founder and Chairman Larry Ellison is reportedly much more engaged with the business than in past years, while the main negative seems to be that Oracle\u2019s cloud infrastructure business continues to struggle against the competition,\u201d Walravens said.Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Tech Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Oracle earnings: Investors are looking for something more than a white-hot stock buyback program"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-first-day-of-spring-comes-with-a-free-cone-at-participating-dq-locations-2019-03-12": {"date": "Mar 12, 2019 10:10 a.m. ET", "article": "Can happiness be measured? Yes it can, if cool treats and sticky chins are involved. According to a national consumer survey* commissioned by American Dairy Queen Corporation (ADQ), 92.2 percent of Americans say a DQ [\u00ae] soft-serve cone would make them happy. The good news is that like the start of spring, DQFree Cone Day is just around the corner.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190312005580/en/On Wednesday, March 20, fans can enjoy a free small vanilla soft-serve cone with the signature curl on top (limit one per customer, while supplies last) at participating non-mall DQ [\u00ae ] and DQ Grill & Chill [\u00ae ] locations throughout the U.S.\u201cWe love that our tradition of Free Cone Day has become synonymous with return of warmer weather and bringing people together,\u201d said Maria Hokanson, Executive Vice President of Marketing at ADQ. \u201cWe know the start of soft-serve season brings joy to our fans, and we can\u2019t wait to help spread smiles.\u201dThe consumer survey also uncovered that:Following Free Cone Day, DQ is offering a small regular or dipped soft serve cone for 50 cents, available for redemption only with the DQ mobile app, March 21-31 at participating DQ and DQ Grill & Chill locations. This offer includes the NEW DQ orange, creamy and crunchy dreamsicle dip, or try the DQ classic chocolate dip.Throughout the year on the DQ mobile app, fans will receive national weekly exclusive DQ deals on treats, food and beverages, redeemable only at participating DQ restaurants in the U.S., excluding Texas.For more information, visit DairyQueen.com andconnect on social media using @DairyQueen and #LoveMyDQ.About IDQ:International Dairy Queen Inc., (IDQ), based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is the parent company of American Dairy Queen Corporation. Through its subsidiaries, IDQ develops, licenses and services a system of 7,000 locations in the United States, Canada and 25 other countries. IDQ is a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire) which is led by Warren Buffet, the legendary investor and CEO of Berkshire. For more information, visit DairyQueen.com.*Survey Methodology:ADQ commissioned a National Survey of 1,000 consumers provided by Innovate and fielded February 18-20, 2019.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190312005580/en/SOURCE: International Dairy Queen Inc.\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@DairyQueenMedia contacts: Pierson Grant Public Relations\n954-776-1999\nKimberly Rodriguez, ext. 257 / krodriguez@piersongrant.com\nEmmaJean Livingston, ext. 242 / elivingston@piersongrant.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "The First Day of Spring Comes with a Free Cone at Participating DQ\u00ae Locations"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/charting-a-break-to-clear-skies-territory-sp-500-nasdaq-reclaim-major-resistance-2019-03-19-121033625": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 12:36 p.m. ET", "article": "Editor\u2019s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here.Though the mid-March price action remains uneven, key slow-motion breakout attempts are currently in play.On a headline basis, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite have cleared major resistance \u2014 at S&P 2,817 and Nasdaq 7,670 \u2014 opening the path to less-charted territory, and still potentially material follow-through.Before detailing the U.S. markets\u2019 wider view, the S&P 500\u2019s SPX, -0.04%  hourly chart highlights the past two weeks.As illustrated, the S&P has reached less-charted territory, extending its break to five-month highs.Tactically, the breakout point (2,817) pivots to notable support. Conversely, the S&P\u2019s next notable overhead matches the January 2018 peak (2,873).Meanwhile, the Dow Jones Industrial Average continues to lag behind the S&P 500.Still, the Dow has extended its rally attempt, reaching two-week highs. On further strength, the December peak (25,980) is closely followed by the 26,000 mark.Against this backdrop, the Nasdaq Composite COMP, -0.15%  has rallied to five-month highs concurrently with the S&P 500.Recall that the former range top \u2014 the 7,670-to-7,677 area \u2014 pivots to notable support also illustrated below.Widening the view to six months adds perspective.On this wider view, the Nasdaq has reached less-charted territory, extending a break atop major resistance (7,670).From current levels, more distant overhead matches the 7,800 mark, while a target projects from the March low to about 7,844. (See the early-March peak (7,643) and the March low (7,442).)Looking elsewhere, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has rallied less aggressively from the March low, pressured amid a Being-fueled headwind, detailed previously.Still, the index has reclaimed resistance \u2014 the 25,762 and 25,820 areas \u2014 rising to the late-February range.The Dow has registered consecutive closes within the former range, laying the groundwork for a potential retest of the range top.Meanwhile, the S&P 500 has reached a less-charted patch atop major resistance (2,817).The prevailing breakout punctuates a successful test of major support (2,742) at the March closing low (2,743).Collectively, an already-bullish bigger-picture backdrop continues to strengthen.The S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite have extended breaks to five-month highs \u2014 clearing major resistance \u2014 while the Dow industrials continue to lag behind amid a recent Being-fueled headwind, detailed previously.Moving to the small-caps, the iShares Russell 2000 ETF has rallied less impressively than the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite.This is the lone widely-tracked U.S. benchmark still capped by the 200-day moving average, currently 157.40.Nonetheless, market bulls will point to a developing head-and-shoulders bottom defined by the October, December and March lows. This is a high-reliability reversal pattern, and would be resolved with a close atop the 159.50 area.Meanwhile, the SPDR S&P MidCap 400 has edged fractionally atop the 200-day moving average, currently 347.00.As always, the 200-day is a widely-tracked longer-term trending indicator, with a posture higher generally signaling a primary uptrend. In the present case, the 200-day has asserted a prolonged flatline, consistent with indecision, or an absence of true longer-term trend. An eventual break above the range top would strengthen an already otherwise bullish backdrop.Looking elsewhere, the SPDR Trust S&P 500 SPY, -0.06% has edged atop major resistance. Three inflection points remain in play:Last week\u2019s close (281.31) matched the range top, and the SPY has ventured atop resistance this week. An extended breakout attempt remains in play.Against this backdrop, the S&P 500 has staged a slow-motion March breakout. Familiar inflection points fall out as follows:With these areas detailed, the S&P has registered consecutive closes atop resistance amid still muted mid-month selling pressure.In the process, the index has reached a less-charted patch, though its next notable overhead matches the January 2018 peak (2,873). Recall that the Oct. 10 peak (2,874) \u2014 the session defining the October breakdown \u2014 also matches the target.Conversely, the S&P 500\u2019s prevailing leg higher originates from major support (2,742). The March closing low (2,743) matched support, punctuating a successful retest.More broadly, the S&P 500\u2019s intermediate-term bias remains firmly bullish. To reiterate, more decisive follow-through above the range top \u2014 to the 2,845 area \u2014 would confirm the S&P\u2019s prevailing uptrend.The pending response to the Federal Reserve\u2019s policy statement, due out Wednesday afternoon, may also add color.See also: Charting a bullish reversal, S&P 500 spikes from major support (2,742).The charts below detail names that are technically well positioned. These are radar screen names \u2014 sectors or stocks poised to move in the near term. For the original comments on the stocks below, see The Technical Indicator Library.Profiled last week, the Financial Select Sector SPDR XLF, -0.12%  continues to make progress. (Yield = 2.0%.)Technically, the group has edged atop the 200-day moving average, currently 26.72, a level that has capped the XLF since October. The breakout punctuates a successful test of trendline support.Tactically, the ascending 50-day moving average has marked an inflection point, currently 25.96, and the group\u2019s recovery attempt is intact barring a violation. A near-term target currently projects to the 28.20 area.Sector components fueling the group\u2019s resurgence include Bank of America Corp., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Goldman Sachs Group.Looking elsewhere, the VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF is also acting well technically. (Yield = 1.6%.)As illustrated, the group has tagged five-month highs, clearing the February peak amid a volume spike.The prevailing upturn punctuates a successful test of the former range top, a level closely matching the 200-day moving average, currently 100.30. (See the March 11 review.)Tactically, a near-term target projects from the March low to the 110 area. Conversely, initial support matches the top of this week\u2019s gap (104.70) and is followed by the deeper 200-day moving average.Moving to specific names, Applied Materials, Inc. AMAT, -0.64%  is a well positioned large-cap chip equipment name. (Yield = 2.1%.)Technically, the shares are rising from a bullish cup-and-handle defined by the December and March lows.Against this backdrop, the shares have notched consecutive closes slightly atop the 200-day moving average (39.90) for the first time since May.The prevailing upturn has been punctuated by a volume spike, laying the groundwork for a potentially more decisive breakout. A near-term target projects to the 44 area on follow-through.Seagate Technology STX, -1.59%  is a large-cap developer of data storage solutions.As illustrated, the shares are challenging a six-month range top closely matching the 200-day moving average, currently 47.78.The chart illustrates a flag-like pattern \u2014 pinned to the mid-March spike \u2014 improving the chances of eventual follow-through. Tactically, the prevailing range bottom matches first support (47.00) and a breakout attempt is in play barring a violation.Finally, Abercrombie & Fitch Co. ANF, +1.66%  is a well positioned mid-cap retailer. (Yield = 3.0%.)Earlier this month, the shares gapped sharply higher, rising after the company\u2019s fourth-quarter results.The ensuing pullback has been comparably flat, positioning the shares to build on the initial spike. Tactically, a near-term floor matches the post-breakout low (25.25), and a posture higher supports a firmly bullish bias.Also consider that a golden cross, or bullish 50-day/200-day moving average crossover, is poised to signal this week.Editor\u2019s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here.The table below includes names recently profiled in The Technical Indicator that remain well positioned. For the original comments, see The Technical Indicator Library.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Charting a break to \u2018clear skies\u2019 territory: S&P 500, Nasdaq reclaim major resistance"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/sex-sells-but-maybe-not-as-well-as-michelle-obamas-becoming-memoir-2019-01-16": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 1:39 p.m. ET", "article": "Michelle Obama\u2019s memoir \u201cBecoming\u201d is closing in on 10 million copies sold since its release in November, and it\u2019s on pace to set a sales record, according to figures cited in the Wall Street Journal from publisher Penguin Random House\u201cWe believe this could be the most successful memoir in history,\u201d said Thomas Rabe, CEO of Bertelsmann SE, which owns controlling stake in Penguin Random House. \u201cBecoming\u201d was already the best-selling print book in the U.S. last year, with more than 3 million copies flying off the shelves.Sales got off to a hot start. In January, CNN reported that you\u2019d have to go all the way back to \u201cFifty Shades of Grey\u201d in 2012 to find a book that held the No. 1 position on Amazon AMZN, +0.54% as long as Obama\u2019s memoir.\u201cBecoming,\u201d which was released on Nov. 13 to maximize holiday-season sales, also holds the all-time record for weeks in that coveted top spot by any memoir from a political or public figure.The Margin: Book touring Michelle Obama bumps Hillary Clinton in most-admired poll; Trump ranks No. 2 among menTrump-related titles also fared well last year, but as CNN pointed out in January, \u201cBecoming\u201d outsold all of 2018\u2019s pro-Trump offerings, including \u201cThe Russia Hoax,\u201d as well as presidential takedowns, such as \u201cFire and Fury.\u201dPenguin Random House paid $65 million to acquire \u201cBecoming\u201d as well as Barack Obama\u2019s upcoming memoir. So far, it\u2019s looking like a good deal. \u201c[The book] is not only a literary success but a financial success for everybody involved, despite the high advance,\u201d Rabe told the Wall Street Journal.The Margin: Michelle Obama writes in new book that she can\u2019t forgive Trump\u2019s \u2018birther\u2019 campaign against her husband", "title": "Michelle Obama\u2019s \u2018Becoming\u2019 could become best-selling memoir ever"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-stock-price-target-set-at-1200-at-keybanc-capital-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 6:30 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-upgraded-to-strong-buy-from-buy-at-needham-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 8:09 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/townebank-announces-quarterly-cash-dividend-2019-02-27": {"date": "Feb 27, 2019 4:59 p.m. ET", "article": "SUFFOLK, Va., Feb 27, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SUFFOLK, Va., Feb. 27, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Hampton Roads based TowneBank TOWN, -0.69% announced today that its Board of Directors on February 27, 2019 declared its first-quarter shareholder cash dividend of $0.16 per common share payable on April 10, 2019 to shareholders of record on March 29, 2019.The amount and declaration of future cash dividends are subject to Board of Directors' approval in addition to regulatory restrictions.About TowneBank:As one of the top community banks in Virginia and North Carolina, TowneBank operates 41 banking offices serving Chesapeake, Chesterfield County, Glen Allen, Hampton, James City County, Mechanicsville, Newport News, Norfolk, Portsmouth, Richmond, Suffolk, Virginia Beach, Williamsburg, and York County in Virginia, along with Raleigh, Cary, Charlotte, Moyock, Grandy, Greenville, Camden County, Southern Shores, Corolla and Nags Head in North Carolina. Towne also offers a full range of financial services through its controlled divisions and subsidiaries that include Towne Investment Group, Towne Wealth Management, Towne Insurance Agency, Towne Benefits, TowneBank Mortgage, TowneBank Commercial Mortgage, Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Towne Realty, Towne 1031 Exchange, LLC, and Towne Vacations. Local decision-making is a hallmark of its hometown banking strategy that is delivered through the leadership of each group's President and Board of Directors. With total assets of $11.16 billion as of December 31, 2018, TowneBank is one of the largest banks headquartered in Virginia.Media contact:\nG. Robert Aston, Jr., Executive Chairman, 757-638-6780\nJ. Morgan Davis, President and Chief Executive Officer, 757-673-1673Investor contact:\nWilliam B. Littreal, Chief Financial Officer, 757-638-6813(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "TowneBank Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/mlbtv-now-available-on-prime-video-channels-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 3:10 p.m. ET", "article": "AMZN, -0.27% \u2014Amazon today announced the launch of MLB.TV on Prime Video Channels, allowing Prime members to subscribe to MLB.TV and stream regular season out-of-market baseball games live and on-demand, all from the Prime Video service.With MLB.TV, Prime members have a convenient option to watch live out-of-market MLB games while at home or on-the-go. Baseball fans can cheer on their favorite teams with MLB.TV on the Prime Video app across hundreds of devices, including compatible TVs, game consoles, set-top boxes and other connected devices, including Amazon Fire TV, mobile devices and online. MLB.TV will work seamlessly in Prime Video, with no additional apps to download or passwords to remember.\u201cPrime members love the convenience of streaming live sports on-the-go\u2014and now with MLB.TV, they won\u2019t have to miss watching their favorite teams play,\u201d said Marie Donoghue, Vice President, Global Sports Video. \u201cWe know Prime members can\u2019t get enough of sports, and we\u2019re dedicated to providing more access to the Major League Baseball games they want.\u201dPrime members streaming MLB.TV on Fire TV devices (Fire TV Cube, Fire TV Stick, Fire TV Stick 4K, and Fire TV Edition) will have access to Prime Video\u2019s exclusiveX-Ray feature, whichallows fans to access live in-game stats, team and player details and play-by-play information while they watch. To access the X-Ray feature, simply click up on the Fire TV remote control while the game is playing.Prime members in the U.S. can subscribe to MLB.TV for $24.99/month, or a one-time payment of $118.99 for a Season Pass, after a 7-day free trial. For more information on MLB.TV, visit www.amazon.com/mlbtv.MLB.TV joins an expanding, top tier selection of live and on-demand sports content available on Prime Video, including NFL Thursday Night Football games, AVP Pro Beach Volleyball tournaments, and the Laver Cup tennis tournament available to Prime members around the world, and English Premier League matches, the US Open, and the men\u2019s ATP World Tour available in the UK. Prime members can watch additional sports content by subscribing to CBS All Access, NBA League Pass and PGA TOUR LIVE in the U.S., and the Eurosport Player in the U.K. and Germany. Amazon customers in the U.S. can also purchase UFC pay-per-view events.\u201cPrime Video will be another great distribution platform for out-of-market fans to have daily access to live baseball,\u201d said Chris Tully, MLB Executive Vice President, Global Media. \u201cCombining MLB.TV with Prime Video will provide a seamless experience for subscribers to follow their favorite teams and players.\u201dAbout Prime VideoPrime Video is a premium streaming service that offers customers a vast collection of digital videos\u2014all with the ease of finding what they love to watch in one place.In addition to access to movies and TV shows included with Prime, the Prime membership includes unlimited fast free shipping options across all categories available onAmazon, more than two million songs and thousands of playlists and stations with Prime Music, secure photo storage with Prime Photos, unlimited reading with Prime Reading, unlimited access to a digital audiobook catalogue with Audible Channels for Prime, a rotating selection of free digital games and in-game loot with Twitch Prime, early access to select Lightning Deals, exclusive access and discounts to select items, and more. To sign-up for Prime or to find out more visit:amazon.com/prime.About AmazonAmazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visitamazon.com/aboutand follow@AmazonNews.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005746/en/SOURCE: Amazon.com, Inc.Amazon.com, Inc.\nMedia Hotline\nAmazon-pr@amazon.com\nwww.amazon.com/prCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "MLB.TV Now Available on Prime Video Channels"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/option-trading-opportunities-on-apple-inc-goldcorp-inc-mastercard-inc-mccormick-co-and-pge-corp-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 9:31 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- InvestorsObserver issues critical PriceWatch Alerts for AAPL, GG, MA, MKC, and PCG.Click a link below then choose between in-depth options trade idea report or a stock score report.Options Report \u2013 Ideal trade ideas on up to seven different options trading strategies. The report shows all vital aspects of each option trade idea for each stock.Stock Report - Measures a stock's suitability for investment with a proprietary scoring system combining short and long-term technical factors with Wall Street's opinion including a 12-month price forecast.p>(note:You may have to copy this link into your browser then press the [ENTER] key.) View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/option-trading-opportunities-on-apple-inc-goldcorp-inc-mastercard-inc-mccormick--co-and-pge-corp-300818542.htmlSOURCE InvestorsObserverCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Option-trading opportunities on Apple Inc., Goldcorp Inc., Mastercard Inc., McCormick & Co., and PG&E Corp."}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/us-financial-15-split-corp-preferred-dividend-declared-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "TORONTO, March 20, Mar 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- TORONTO, March 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- US Financial 15 Split Corp (\"US Financial 15\") declares its monthly distribution of $0.06825 for each Preferred share, or 10.00% annually based on the previous month end net asset value. Distributions are payable April 10, 2019 to shareholders on record as at March 29, 2019.US Financial 15 invests in a portfolio consisting of 15 U.S. financial services companies as follows: American Express, Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon Corp., Citigroup, CME Group Inc., Fifth Third Bancorp, The Goldman Sachs Group, J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Morgan Stanley, PNC Financial Services group Inc., Regions Financial Corp., State Street Corp., SunTrust Banks, U.S. Bancorp, and Wells Fargo.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "US Financial 15 Split Corp. Preferred Dividend Declared"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/a-tip-you-can-use-to-make-money-from-warren-buffetts-multibillion-dollar-loss-2019-02-25": {"date": "Feb 25, 2019 4:49 p.m. ET", "article": "Warren Buffett is the most successful investor of our time. Still, he just suffered a multibillion-dollar loss on one of his high-profile investments.What can we learn from this? Let\u2019s explore with the help of a chart.Please click here for an annotated chart of Kraft Heinz KHC, -0.43% Please note the following:\u2022 The chart shows a big jump in the stock on the Heinz and Kraft merger. The market was excited about the involvement of Warren Buffett and his Berkshire Hathaway BRK.B, -0.02%  in the deal.\u2022 The chart shows that The Arora Report gave a signal to sell or short-sell Kraft Heinz on the news. We wrote: \u201cConsumer tastes are changing and neither company is aligned with the new trend.\u201d\u2022 This short signal was one of the hardest we have given, for two reasons. First, who in their right mind would want to short what Buffett was buying? Second, now years later with the benefit of hindsight, it is clear that our statement about consumer tastes was prescient. However, at that time, the prevailing wisdom was that organic and healthy food was a niche business and it was not going to adversely impact brands such as Kraft and Heinz, both of which sell processed food.\u2022 As the chart shows, it was a cost-cutting story for a long time.\u2022 The chart shows Kraft Heinz attempted a global-brand grab by offering $143 billion for Unilever UN, -0.53% For those unfamiliar with Unilever, it is a global British-Dutch consumer-goods company on par with the more familiar name of Procter & Gamble PG, -0.35%\u2022 The chart shows that the Unilever bid was quickly abandoned.\u2022 As the cost cutting ran its course and was not providing any new benefits and Kraft Heinz could not find a major acquisition, it simply became a story of the \u201chope\u201d strategy and Buffett\u2019s halo.\u2022 As the chart shows, during a period in which the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.22% S&P 500 ETF SPY, +0.07% and Nasdaq 100 ETF QQQ, +0.13% performed well, Kraft Heinz lost a big part of its value.\u2022 The chart shows that, finally, the long-overdue admission from the company came and the stock fell.\u2022 Investors who were not paying attention to the \u201cchange\u201d were hit with a bombshell. The change is that consumers are no longer buying processed food and are opting for healthier foods.\u2022 The chart shows the two biggest volume days \u2014 the first on Buffett\u2019s buy and the second on the bombshell.Ask Arora: Nigam Arora answers your questions about investing in stocks, ETFs, bonds, gold and silver, oil and currencies. Have a question? Send it to Nigam Arora.Buffett\u2019s loss can help us understand a strategy. The strategy is to focus on change. In the case of Kraft, the change in consumer taste was happening. Buffett acknowledged Monday that he overpaid for Kraft.Please click here to see five stages of a long trade based on change.Please click here to see five stages of a short trade based on change.Here are a handful of easy-to-understand examples of change:\u2022 When Steve Jobs of Apple AAPL, +1.27%  introduced the iPhone, it was a big change. How well would you have done by buying Apple stock and short-selling BlackBerry BB, -0.06%  stock?\u2022 When Facebook FB, -0.03% finally figured out mobile, how much money would you have made by buying Facebook stock?\u2022 When Amazon AMZN, +0.02% expanded beyond books, that was a big change. How much money would you have made by buying Amazon stock?\u2022 When Netflix NFLX, +0.53% switched from DVDs to streaming, that was a big change. How much money would you have made by buying Netflix stock?\u2022 When AMD AMD, -1.48% changed its focus, how much money would you have made by buying AMD stock?Many changes are happening right in front of your eyes. \u201cChange\u201d provides opportunities. One change I would like to highlight is that society\u2019s attitude about marijuana is changing. There are seven marijuana stocks in The Arora Report marijuana portfolio. Four of the most popular marijuana stocks are Canopy Growth CGC, -1.97% Cronos CRON, -9.39% Aurora Cannabis ACB, -2.18% and Tilray TLRY, -1.54% Just because a stock is popular, that does not mean it is a buy. Please see \u201cThese three marijuana stocks are rising in popularity.\u201dDisclosure: Subscribers to The Arora Report may have positions in the securities mentioned in this article or may take positions at any time. Nigam Arora is an investor, engineer and nuclear physicist by background who has founded two Inc. 500 fastest-growing companies. He is the founder of The Arora Report, which publishes four newsletters. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com.", "title": "Opinion: A tip you can use to make money from Warren Buffett\u2019s multibillion-dollar loss"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/stock-market-opens-firmly-higher-as-trump-weighs-extending-deadline-in-us-china-trade-talks-2019-02-25": {"date": "Feb 25, 2019 9:36 a.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks climbed at the open Monday morning, after President Donald Trump tweeted that he will delay China tariffs, and that there had been \"substantial progress\" in trade talks over the weekend. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.19% climbed 171 points, or 0.7%, to reach 26,209, the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.07% gained 0.6% at 2,809, eclipsing a psychologically significant level above 2,800 for the first time in months. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.02% advanced 0.9% to reach 7,593. In corporate news, General Electric GE, -0.49% rallied 8.5% after the industrial conglomerate announced the sale of its biopharama business to Danaher Corp. DHR, -0.16% for $21 billion in cash. Separately, Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.04% was in focus after CEO Warren Buffett on CNBC said he \"overpaid\" for Kraft Heinz Co. KHC, -0.40% which saw its shares tumble on Friday after a number of disclosures.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Stock market opens firmly higher as Trump weighs extending deadline in U.S.-China trade talks"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/us-stock-futures-indicate-fresh-losses-ahead-for-wall-street-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 4:23 p.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks closed mostly lower Monday after data showing weakness on the global economic front triggered heavy losses at the end of last week while investors continued to fret over the inversion of the yield curve. However, the Dow bucked the trend to rise as shares of Boeing Co. rallied after recent losses.Meanwhile, the markets showed little reaction to the end of Special Counsel Robert Mueller\u2019s probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.12% shed 2.35 points to 2,798.36 with technology and financials topping the losses. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.22%  edged down 5.13 points to 7,637.54.The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.01% meanwhile, rose 14.51 points to 25,516.83.Read: Why an inverted yield curve doesn\u2019t mean investors should immediately sell stocksWall Street remained focused on global recession fears sparked Friday by a round of weak March purchasing-managers-index readings in the eurozone that pointed to a further slowdown in activity. U.S. data showed growth in the manufacturing sector slowed to a 21-month low in March, compounding those fears.Global markets fell in tandem with Asian stocks in the red while Europe stocks also weaker.Rattled investors poured money into bonds, forcing the spread between the 3-month Treasury TMUBMUSD03M, +0.00%  and the 10-year note TMUBMUSD10Y, -2.15% to invert for the first time since 2007. The yield-curve inversion\u2014when the rate of longer-dated debt falls beneath its shorter-dated counterparts\u2014is seen by many as an accurate recession indicator.Read: The yield curve inverted\u2014here are 5 things investors need to knowIt was a quiet day for the U.S. economic calendar but fresh data out of Europe showed the German business sentiment survey from the Ifo Institute rose to 99.6 in March from a forecast of 98.3, according to Dow Jones Newswires. The index fell to 98.5 in February.Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans, speaking in Hong Kong, said it was prudent to remain patient and see what further data brings before deciding on further interest-rate moves.Market participants took Mueller\u2019s investigation in stride. Attorney General William Barr said the probe didn\u2019t find evidence that the Trump campaign \u201cconspired or coordinated\u201d with Russia to influence the 2016 presidential election. However, the investigation was inconclusive on whether President Donald Trump obstructed justice.Read: After Mueller report, probability of Trump being forced out of office falls to all-time lowElsewhere, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and top U.S. trade negotiator Robert Lighthizer will return to Beijing for trade talks.\u201cThings may calm down if we feel some good vibrations from the trade talks in Beijing later this week, but it could be a rocky few days to start,\u201d said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, in a note to clients.Frank Cappelleri, a technical strategist at Instinet LLC, said financial stocks will be the key going forward. The S&P 500\u2019s financials sector has fallen more than 4% this month on the back of the Fed\u2019s pivot to a more dovish stance.\u201cNeedless to say, if this kind of carnage continues in the financials, it will be very difficult for the broader market to move in the opposite direction,\u201d he said.Shares of Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.88%  slid 1.2% after the tech giant announced a news subscription service and a credit card in partnership with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -0.39%  and Mastercard Inc. MA, +0.06%  at its special event.Tesla Inc. TSLA, +0.69% shares fell 1.6% after analysts at RBC Capital cut their price target on the stock to $210 from $245.Shares of Allergan PLC AGN, +0.07%  dropped 2% as the pharmaceutical company continued its standoff against activist investor Appaloosa, which is calling on Allergan to establish an independent chairman of the board.Shares of WW WTW, -0.65% previously known as Weight Watchers International Inc., gained 1.7% after Oppenheimer analyst Brian Nagel said that the company has come to understand that the shortfall in subscriber growth in early 2019 is likely the result of not adequately communicating the message about its shift to more of a wellness company than a weight loss company. He said the company is set to launch a new marketing campaign to rectify the missteps.Nike Inc. NKE, -0.59%  shares slid 0.2% after a drama-filled session during which lawyer Michael Avenatti claimed he would unveil a major scandal involving the sporting-goods giant and then was promptly arrested.Boeing BA, -0.14%  shares rose 2.3%, recouping some of the losses in the wake of the fatal crash of the company\u2019s 737 Max 8 aircraft near Ethiopia\u2019s capital, Addis Ababa that resulted in the death of 157 people. The stock is down 16% so far this month.European equity markets were lower, but pared losses after Ifo data, with the Stoxx 600 Europe index SXXP, +0.43%  down 0.4% after sliding 1.2% on Friday, the biggest single-day decline since Feb. 7. Asian stock markets closed lower, with Japan\u2019s Nikkei, Hong Kong\u2019s Hang Seng Index and China\u2019s Shanghai Composite Index all sliding.Read: The persistence of subzero rates in Europe may revive a perilous \u2018quest for yield\u2019In commodities markets, crude-oil prices CLK9, +0.08% were mostly unchanged, while gold prices GCJ9, -0.21%  settled higher, and the U.S. dollar DXY, +0.05% remained under pressure.\u2014Barbara Kollmeyer contributed to this articleProviding critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Stocks close mostly lower as growth fears linger"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-stock-price-target-raised-to-225-from-180-at-needham-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 8:09 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/netflixs-stock-rallies-erasing-previous-losses-after-apple-announces-rival-streaming-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 3:15 p.m. ET", "article": "Shares of Netflix Inc. NFLX, -0.21% rallied 1.3% toward fresh intraday highs in afternoon trade Monday, reversing earlier losses, after Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.93% announced its rival new Apple TV+ service. The new service will include original programming, and offer suggestions for shows and movies from over 150 streaming apps, including Amazon.com Inc.'s AMZN, -0.47% Amazon Prime and Hulu, but not Netflix. Reed Hastings, Netflix's CEO, said last week that the company had chosen not to integrate into Apple's services, while the Netflix app will continue to be available in Apple's app store. Netflix's stock was down as much as 1.0% as Apple started announcing its new services. Over teh past 12 months, Netflix shares have rallied 21.4% and Apple's stock has climbed 13.3%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03% has gained 8.4%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Netflix's stock rallies, erasing previous losses after Apple announces rival streaming service"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/jp-morgan-enhances-portfolio-insights-tool-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 10:00 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 21, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- J.P. Morgan Asset Management today announced new enhancements to its Portfolio Insights tool, allowing advisors to seamlessly compare ETFs and Mutual Fund products head-to-head to help guide decisions on investment selection. The updates align with the the firm's commitment to providing financial advisors with the tools they need to help build stronger portfolios and grow their business.\"We have witnessed an increase in advisor demand for self-service, user-friendly tools that aid in investment selection. The launch of our Investment Comparison tool allows advisors to easily analyze and compare both Mutual Funds and ETFs,\" said Steve Kaplan, Head of Product Strategy Americas and Global Portfolio Insights, J.P. Morgan Asset Management. \"As advisors look to navigate the challenges associated with today's market environment, our enhanced Portfolio Insights offering allows them to make more informed decisions on portfolio construction and investment selection.\"The Portfolio Insights tool now not only allows advisors to undertake an in-depth analysis of performance, composition and risk of various ETFs and Mutual Funds, but they can also easily create customized, end-client reports for clients that will also soon feature their own company logo.\"We continue to evolve the Portfolio Insights tool to meet the needs of advisors, and in the coming months we look forward to announcing more enhancements including factor, style and scenario analysis,\" concluded Kaplan.The Portfolio Insights tool, including its new Investment Comparison capabilities, is available to all U.S. Financial Advisors on the J.P. Morgan Asset Management website by visiting www.jpmorgan.am/ic.In addition, Financial Advisors may request a custom analysis by contacting their J.P. Morgan Funds Client Advisor. Depending on their needs, advisors may receive the Portfolio Analysis, Investment Heat Map or Investment Comparison report.  The firm encourages advisors to partner with their Client Advisors or Portfolio Insights Specialists for a one-on-one discussion to help uncover potential opportunities, evaluate risks, and access current views from the J.P. Morgan Asset Management's Multi-Asset Solutions team.About J.P. Morgan Asset ManagementJ.P. Morgan Asset Management, with assets under management of $1.7 trillion (as of December 31, 2018), is a global leader in investment management. J.P. Morgan Asset Management's clients include institutions, retail investors and high net worth individuals in every major market throughout the world. J.P. Morgan Asset Management offers global investment management in equities, fixed income, real estate, hedge funds, private equity and liquidity. J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the marketing name for the asset management businesses of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), and its affiliates worldwide.Any forecasts, opinions, statements of financial market trends or investment techniques and strategies expressed are those of J.P. Morgan Asset Management, unless otherwise stated, as of the date of the release. They are considered to be reliable at the time of this release, and may be subject to change without notice. Investing in Alternatives investments involves risks.J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the marketing name for the asset management businesses of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Those businesses include, but are not limited to, J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc., Security Capital Research & Management Incorporated, J.P. Morgan Alternative Asset Management, Inc., and J.P. Morgan Asset Management (Canada), Inc.J.P. Morgan Institutional Investments, Inc., members of FINRA\nCopyright 2019 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved.View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jp-morgan-enhances-portfolio-insights-tool-300816418.htmlSOURCE J.P. Morgan Asset ManagementCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "J.P. Morgan Enhances Portfolio Insights Tool"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/big-tech-after-years-of-manipulating-us-is-now-being-surveilled-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 9:05 a.m. ET", "article": "CAMBRIDGE, U.K. (Project Syndicate) \u2014 The maturation of the digital revolution has defined the first two decades of the 21st century.The central economic disasters of this period \u2014 the 2008 global financial crisis and consequent \u201cGreat Recession\u201d \u2014 were driven by the proliferation of digital securities and the illusion that digital programs could measure and manage their attendant risks. And the social environment in which individuals consume information and execute transactions has been reconstructed according to the terms set by Amazon AMZN, -0.43% Apple AAPL, +0.93% Alphabet GOOG, -0.66% GOOGL, -0.62% and Facebook FB, +0.28%Of these four Big Tech firms, Alphabet and Facebook have pursued the most contentious business models. Those who search for information and connect with others on these platforms generate data that are fed into richly detailed user profiles, which are then monetized through the sale of targeted advertising. This heavy reliance on advertising is perhaps the least revolutionary aspect of the digital revolution. After all, the broadcast radio industry settled on the same model when it started running advertisements in 1922, much to the dismay of then-U.S. Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover.And yet, digital advertising is radically more efficient than its predecessors when it comes to targeting specified audiences, recording users\u2019 responses and engagement, and leveraging the micro- and metadata they produce. It\u2019s so efficient, in fact, that Alphabet and Facebook have become two of the most valuable companies in the history of capitalism. But, of course, advertisers go where their audiences go, and people have flocked to the major digital platforms for the obvious benefits they provide.For example, it is already hard to imagine conducting research or producing a work of scholarship without at least running a Google search for potential sources and archives. By the same token, it is easy to forget how much Facebook has reduced the hurdles to bringing like-minded people together, be it for public or private purposes. As Lara Putnam of the University of Pittsburgh and Theda Skocpol and Leah Gose of Harvard University have shown, private Facebook communities have become key vehicles for a nationwide mobilization of local \u201cresistance\u201d groups opposing U.S. President Donald Trump \u2013\u2014a movement that has far surpassed the scale of the Tea Party response to President Barack Obama.Still, many have come to question whether the obvious benefits of digital technologies outweigh their costs in the form of lost privacy, social fragmentation, and new threats to democratic political processes. This scrutiny is sure to intensify, following the real-time broadcast on Facebook of the massacre in the mosques in Christchurch, New Zealand.The \u201ctechlash\u201d that is now underway should not come as a surprise. A broad public response is to be expected in a political economy with institutional and regulatory channels for relief from the exercise of market power. Like the immediate re-regulation of financial institutions after the financial crisis, today\u2019s techlash represents another step away from the market fundamentalism that dominated policymaking between the \u201cReagan Revolution\u201d of the early 1980s and the end of George W. Bush\u2019s presidency in 2008. This is nothing new: the emergence of dominant market forces has repeatedly induced a concerted legal and political response. In the United States, this was true with respect to the continent-spanning railroads in the nineteenth century, the massive monopolies (\u201ctrusts\u201d) of the fin de si\u00e8cle era, and the giant corporations of the New Deal era.If history is any guide, today\u2019s techlash is likely still in its early stages. Legal and regulatory scrutiny of current business practices is intensifying, with the European Commission leading the way, followed by progressive-leaning U.S. states such as California. According to one industry newsletter, there are already 32 ongoing investigations in the U.S. and Europe of Big Tech companies, from AT&T T, +0.10%  and Verizon VZ, +0.64%  to Uber and Airbnb, by way of Alphabet and Facebook.The books under review represent another front in society\u2019s response to Big Tech, though they could not be more different in terms of style and accessibility. \u201cZucked,\u201d by the venture capitalist Roger McNamee, offers a personal narrative of the author\u2019s journey from investing early in Facebook and mentoring its founder, Mark Zuckerberg, to coming out as one of the company\u2019s leading critics. By contrast, \u201cSurveillance Capitalism\u201d by Shoshana Zuboff, a professor emeritus at Harvard University, deploys a highly abstract analytical framework to argue that digital technologies have ushered in an altogether novel variant of capitalism itself.Both McNamee and Zuboff are on the same mission: to expose how the valued functions of \u201cSearch\u201d (on Google) and \u201cConnect\u201d (on Facebook) turned into \u201cTarget\u201d and \u201cManipulate\u201d \u2014 as in behavioral manipulation to bring users\u2019 actions into line with the goals of those who control the data (legitimately or otherwise). Beyond that, both books provide ample evidence of Google and Facebook\u2019s controlling founders refusing to accept responsibility for what happens on their platforms (in Google\u2019s case, this mostly concerns YouTube).For example, liberated by Section 230 of the U.S. Communications Decency Act of 1996, which immunized online platforms from legal liability for content provided by others, both companies have asserted the values of untrammeled free speech and avoided accountability for what their users share. As Zuboff puts it, they have \u201cweaponized\u201d the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. When they are accused of complicity in the abuses that occur on their platforms, their standard response, McNamee writes, is to \u201cdeny, delay, deflect, dissemble,\u201d eventually \u201cadmit and apologize,\u201d and then repeat the cycle.\u201cZucked\u201d is the work of an insider witness with a deep understanding of the cultural context from which Facebook emerged. In a bibliographical essay at the end, McNamee reflects on the three eras of Silicon Valley, the last two of which he lived through personally. The first was the Apollo Era, when the U.S. Department of Defense constructed the stage on which many an entrepreneur and venture capitalist would dance. Then came the Hippie Era, when computing was democratized by the personal computer and the advent of the internet (itself a product of the first era).But then came the Libertarian Era, exemplified by the \u201cPayPal Mafia\u201d (not least PayPal PYPL, -0.10%  co-founder Peter Thiel, the first venture investor in Facebook) and others who shaped the process by which social media became the \u201ckiller app\u201d of the digital age. It is not an accident that the Libertarian Era in Silicon Valley coincided with the neoliberal era of political economy. In the crucial early years of Google and Facebook, their founders were given a free pass \u2014 by stockholders and regulators alike \u2014 as they consolidated control of their companies and grew to dominate markets they themselves had created.Facebook\u2019s stunning growth in scale and profitability is not what turned McNamee\u2019s admiration into staunch opposition. Rather, it was the company\u2019s move from \u201cTarget\u201d to \u201cManipulate.\u201d McNamee\u2019s step-by-step account of this shift is so effective, because it is delivered as a personal story of betrayal.McNamee is primarily concerned with the social and political consequences of Facebook\u2019s business model, which is geared toward feeding and reinforcing the revealed preferences of its users. Hence, in 2017, he joined forces with Tristan Harris, an erstwhile \u201cdesign ethicist\u201d at Google, who had helped launch the Center for Humane Technology in 2013. A former student of the Stanford University behaviorist B.J. Fogg, Harris is closely acquainted with the techniques Google and Facebook have deployed to influence behavior, often going to extremes far beyond what Fogg himself anticipated.For example, McNamee recounts how Harris acquainted him to the process by which digital platforms shape individual preferences into \u201cfilter bubbles\u201d that are far more powerful than those implied by, say, watching only Fox News. Online, users participate actively, yet unwittingly, in refining the algorithms that drive their informational isolation, rendering the process far more efficient than in other media domains. Worse, this process itself is not isolated from the outside world, and can easily be manipulated by the likes of Cambridge Analytica and the Russian Internet Research Agency. And, as we\u2019ve learned over the past year, part of Facebook\u2019s push to maximize revenue entailed granting such third parties near-open access to users\u2019 data.McNamee did not originally set out to issue a public warning about Facebook. In fact, he raised his concerns privately with Zuckerberg and Facebook\u2019s chief operating officer, Sheryl Sandberg, in the fall of 2016. But as the months passed, it became clear that they were not going to offer a constructive response to Facebook\u2019s rampant abuse of its platform and users. That\u2019s when McNamee decided to \u201cgo public.\u201d On March 6, just a month after the release of \u201cZucked,\u201d Zuckerberg unveiled a new \u201cprivacy-focused vision\u201d for Facebook? One can only speculate about whether the two events were related. But if Zuckerberg\u2019s change of posture and (perhaps) policy leads to real, constructive change, McNamee may well feel entitled to take a victory lap.One of the strengths of \u201cZucked\u201d is its tight focus on McNamee\u2019s own journey from analysis to action. Zuboff also begins with a personal anecdote, recounting fieldwork that she conducted almost 40 years ago for her first book, \u201cIn the Age of the Smart Machine: The Future of Work and Power.\u201d But within the first five pages of \u201cThe Age of Surveillance Capitalism,\u201d she shifts into high theory, offering a definition of \u201csurveillance capitalism\u201d that is so abstract as to have almost no connection to observed human experience.Over the course of more than 500 pages, Zuboff wants the reader to know that the evils she decries are not the inevitable result of digital technology, but rather a consequence of deliberate choices made in pursuit of profit. Her surveillance capitalists are users of technology; they are not its predetermined agents. On this sound point, she unwittingly echoes the great French historian of pre-modern capitalism Fernand Braudel, who observed that, \u201cCapitalism does not \u2026 invent the market or production or consumption, it merely uses them.\u201dWith similar insight, in the spirit of Karl Polanyi\u2019s \u201cThe Great Transformation,\u201d Zuboff observes that Google and Facebook have both commodified activities that already existed outside the market. Whereas Polanyi\u2019s focus was on the \u201cfictitious commodities\u201d of land and labor, Zuboff\u2019s is on what she calls \u201cbehavioral surplus\u201d \u2014 that is, the \u201cdigital exhaust\u201d generated whenever users \u201cSearch\u201d and \u201cConnect\u201d online.Unfortunately, Zuboff too often smothers such thoughtful observations with jargon. She is driven to offer a grand theory of capitalism and the pursuit of profit in the digital age. So, rather than simply explaining the phenomena she observes, she obscures her arguments behind portentous talk of \u201cthe third modernity\u201d and \u201cinstrumentarianism,\u201d a concept that she borrows from Alex Pentland of MIT\u2019s Media Lab, whose own theoretical aspirations are a match for Zuboff\u2019s own.Zuboff endorses Pentland\u2019s assertion that \u201csocial phenomena are really just aggregations of billions of small transactions between individuals,\u201d which surpasses even former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher\u2019s notorious claim that \u201cthere is no such thing as society.\u201d At least Thatcher made room for \u201cfamilies\u201d in addition to \u201cindividual men and women.\u201d Zuboff takes as pretentious a leap when arguing that the improved precision of machine tools, thanks to locally deployed digital feedback, represents a transition from the era of top-down, hierarchical control over mass production to the distributed \u201chive mind\u201d of her \u201cthird modernity.\u201dTo be sure, Zuboff makes an important distinction between the type of behavioral control pursued by totalitarian states and the predictive certainty that motivates the \u201cinstrumentarian\u201d purveyors and purchasers of behavioral data. But, as Diane Coyle of Cambridge University notes in her own critique of the book, a historical account of surveillance as a persistent social phenomenon from Jeremy Bentham through Michel Foucault is missing entirely. It is a lacuna that becomes more obvious with each repeated reference to the \u201cunique,\u201d \u201cunprecedented\u201d nature of surveillance capitalism.Worse still, Zuboff shows no appreciation of the fundamental uncertainty surrounding human actions and their future economic and social implications, even though that has been a central theme explored by economists as varied as Frank Knight, John Maynard Keynes, and Friedrich Hayek. As George Soros has observed from his long engagement with financial markets, one constant form of uncertainty is the \u201creflexivity\u201d implied when human actions become variable inputs in decisions made by others. The irony, of course, is that while Zuboff denies the inevitability of Google and Facebook\u2019s triumph, she simply assumes that they will achieve near-perfect predictive certainty with respect to people\u2019s future behavior.As Zuboff\u2019s argument becomes more speculative, she becomes more assertive, in ways that seem to parallel the \u201cpsychohistory\u201d of Hari Seldon, a fictional character from Isaac Asimov\u2019s Foundation series who could calculate future events algorithmically. Seldon offered only probabilistic predictions, not the certainty that Zuboff ascribes to the \u201cinstrumentarian\u201d villains at the center of her \u201cthird modernity.\u201dIndeed, Zuboff\u2019s own certainty about current and future technological developments undermines her own argument. She seems to accept without question the marketing claims made by corporations currently invested in machine learning and what is now the third wave of hype over artificial intelligence (AI). One would never know from reading her account of IBM\u2019s IBM, -0.31%  Watson program that its highly publicized applications in health care have failed repeatedly in clinical settings at some of the most prestigious medical institutions in the world.\u201cAh,\u201d the poet George Meredith wrote more than a century ago, \u201cwhat a dusty answer gets the soul, when hot for certainties in this our life!\u201d And yet, even if one accepts that the only certainty in human behavior is its uncertainty, one still needs to respond to the real-world evils spawned by today\u2019s digital giants. And here, what McNamee and Zuboff offer differs substantially.Zuboff is hopeful that the European Commission\u2019s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will address some of the public\u2019s concerns about privacy. But her principal appeal is for individuals \u201cto be the friction\u201d against the \u201cBig Other,\u201d which is her opaque label (a play on George Orwell\u2019s Big Brother) for all of the digital forces she decries. But that is where she leaves it.For his part, McNamee also calls for \u201cuser pressure\u201d as a first, best choice for inducing reform at Facebook, but he goes further than Zuboff in upbraiding Google and Facebook for not \u201cembracing GDPR\u201d themselves. And, in contrast to Zuboff, he dives deep into the regulatory weeds in search of a solution, concluding that a reinvigoration of antitrust law is necessary.McNamee takes the reader back to 1956, when the U.S. Department of Justice\u2019s Antitrust Division leveled the playing field of information technology through its settlement with AT&T. The company was allowed to keep its franchise in long-distance telephony, its dominant position in local services, and its (vertically integrated) manufacturing arm, Western Electric. But it was denied entry into the nascent commercial computing market, and it was required to license Bell Labs\u2019 portfolio of patents for free to all comers. When all was said and done, the DOJ had furnished the public with an endowment of enormous, if unquantifiable, value, and set the stage for rapid growth in the information-technology sector, which was now free from the threat of AT&T\u2019s dominance.Antitrust law was already becoming a hot topic in discussions about the digital age, but McNamee has turned up the heat. Over a long generation, antitrust law has been transformed by the doctrine known as \u201cLaw and Economics,\u201d derived from Chicago School market fundamentalism, which holds that the only legitimate purpose of antitrust law is to protect consumers from abuse.According to this logic, competitive supply-side conditions should be ignored unless they are directly responsible for such abuse. Because consumers gain access to advertising-funded digital services for free, strategic acquisitions by the tech giants that pre-empt potential competition \u2014 Google\u2019s purchase of YouTube, Facebook\u2019s purchase of Instagram and WhatsApp \u2014 have gone unexamined.McNamee, citing Barry Lynn of the Open Markets Institute, adds an imaginative dimension to the discussion of antitrust when he highlights the value of the user data that is being monetized on digital platforms. Insofar as that data is lucrative as a source of advertising revenues, consumers have been surrendering more and more value in exchange for the same old search and connect functions. And as McNamee has pointed out to the Federal Trade Commission, the skewed ratio of value surrendered to value received on today\u2019s digital platforms may well qualify as customer abuse.The issue of data is central to the rise of the digital giants, and both McNamee and Zuboff pay due attention to the questions of who should own it, who should have access to it, and to what end. Data constitute a fourth source of market power that is separate and distinct from network effects and economies of scale and scope. Network effects drove market concentration in the age of telephony, but no one other than intelligence or security services really cared about the content of the messages exchanged.Now, it is all about content, and not just the substance of exchanged information, but the metadata that defines the context in which information is generated. The more data digital platforms have, the better their algorithms will be; the better the algorithms, the better the service to users and the real customers (advertisers); the better the service, the larger the market share; the larger the market share, the more data. That is the new feedback loop driving market concentration.One genuinely creative approach to addressing this problem can be found in \u201cRadical Markets: Uprooting Capitalism and Democracy for a Just Society,\u201d by Eric A. Posner of the University of Chicago Law School and economist E. Glen Weyl. They suggest that we think about data in the same way that we think of capital and labor: as a productive resource for hire. No doubt, granting individuals ownership of their data and requiring those who capture it to pay for its use would transform the dynamics of the digital economy. In their very different ways, McNamee and Zuboff both show why such radical interventions are now entering the policy agenda.William H. Janeway, a managing director and senior adviser at private-equity firm Warburg Pincus, is an affiliated lecturer in economics at Cambridge University.This article was published with the permission of Project Syndicate.", "title": "Opinion: Big Tech, after years of watching us, is now being watched"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/option-trading-opportunities-on-apple-inc-fifth-third-bancorp-marvell-technology-group-micron-technology-inc-and-nvidia-corp-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 9:31 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 22, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- InvestorsObserver issues critical PriceWatch Alerts for AAPL, FITB, MRVL, MU, and NVDA.Click a link below then choose between in-depth options trade idea report or a stock score report.Options Report \u2013 Ideal trade ideas on up to seven different options trading strategies. The report shows all vital aspects of each option trade idea for each stock.Stock Report - Measures a stock's suitability for investment with a proprietary scoring system combining short and long-term technical factors with Wall Street's opinion including a 12-month price forecast.p>(note:You may have to copy this link into your browser then press the [ENTER] key.) View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/option-trading-opportunities-on-apple-inc-fifth-third-bancorp-marvell-technology-group-micron-technology-inc-and-nvidia-corp-300816998.htmlSOURCE InvestorsObserverCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Option-trading opportunities on Apple Inc., Fifth Third Bancorp, Marvell Technology Group, Micron Technology Inc., and NVIDIA Corp."}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/all-new-kindle-now-with-an-adjustable-front-light-for-just-8999-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:01 a.m. ET", "article": "AMZN, -0.29% \u2014Today Amazon introduced the all-new Kindle, the first Kindle with a front light for under $100. Now you can adjust the display brightness to read comfortably in even more places\u2014whether indoors at night or outside in the sun. The all-new Kindle also includes an updated design, the latest electronic ink technology for better contrast, and three months of Kindle Unlimited for free, a$30value. With Kindle Unlimited, you can read as much as you\u2019d like from a collection of millions of titles at no additional cost. The all-new Kindle comes in black or white for just $89.99 and is available for pre-order today at www.amazon.com/kindle.\u201cCustomers consistently tell us how much they appreciate having a front light on Kindle devices so they can read in any environment\u2014from a sunny patio to their bed at night,\u201d said Kevin Keith, Vice President, Amazon Devices. \u201cThe team worked hard to bring this customer-favorite feature to our most affordable device, and we\u2019re excited to introduce the all-new Kindle\u2014the first Kindle under $100 with a built-in adjustable front light.\u201dAll-New Kindle\u2014Now with a Front LightLike all Kindle devices, the all-new Kindle provides a sanctuary reading experience with no distractions and includes a glare-free display with laser-quality text that\u2019s easy to read. The new adjustable front light makes it even more comfortable to read in a variety of places while still delivering weeks of battery life. The all-new Kindle also includes updated electronic ink technology for better contrast and now uses capacitive touch to prevent accidental swipes on the six-inch, 167 ppi display.The refreshed design delivers all these great features while keeping the device thin and light, so it\u2019s easy to hold in one hand for long reading sessions. And the all-new Kindle comes with features customers love\u2014storage to hold thousands of books so you can take your library with you, a battery life that lasts weeks not hours, and a durable design that makes it easy to bring with you on the go.Even More Stories with Three Months of Kindle Unlimited for FreeKindle devices already come with instant access to the Kindle store, featuring the world\u2019s best selection of content, including books, audiobooks, newspapers, and magazines. For a limited time, you get three months of Kindle Unlimited for free\u2014a $30 value\u2014when you order an all-new Kindle. Kindle Unlimited provides unlimited access to millions of great titles, including books from popular authors like Vince Flynn, so you can read as much as you want at no additional cost. Kindle Unlimited includes titles from a range of genres, including young adult books like The Selection by Kiera Cass, classics like The Handmaid\u2019s Tale by Margaret Atwood, and non-fiction like The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People by Stephen R. Covey. After three months, Kindle Unlimited is just$9.99per month.New Reading Features that Go Beyond a BookThe all-new Kindle helps you go beyond a book with Amazon\u2019s newest reading features. Now, when you finish a book, it will automatically be marked as read in your library and synced across your reading devices including Kindle, Fire tablet, and the free Kindle apps for iOS and Android. With just a few taps, you can filter to see which books you\u2019ve read and which you haven\u2019t, so organizing your library has never been easier.Additionally, last year, we introduced a new home experience making it easier to find your next great read. We\u2019re continuing to add to the experience and now you will find more recommendations based on your reading history, including new and trending titles in Kindle Unlimited and the Kindle Store.These features will be delivered as a free, over-the-air update to the all-new Kindle, Kindle Paperwhite Gen 6 (released in 2013), and newer devices in the coming months.Features Readers Love about KindleThe all-new Kindle includes all the features that have made the Kindle family the best devices for reading:The new device joins Kindle Paperwhite, which features a high-resolution, 300 ppi display with a flush-front design and waterproofing, and Kindle Oasis, which includes a seven-inch, high-resolution display, waterproofing, and an ergonomic design.The all-new Kindle is $89.99 and available for pre-order today at www.amazon.com/kindle. It will start shipping on April 10. If you\u2019re a previous Kindle owner, you can trade in your device to receive an Amazon.com gift card for the appraised value as well as a 25% discount on a new device, including the all-new Kindle. Additionally, you can purchase a cover for your all-new Kindle for just $29.99. Covers are thin, snap perfectly onto your device, and are made of woven fabric in a variety of colors, including charcoal black, sandstone white, cobalt blue, and punch red. Pre-order now at www.amazon.com/kindle.About AmazonAmazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005410/en/SOURCE: AmazonAmazon.com, Inc.\nMedia Hotline\nAmazon-pr@amazon.com\nwww.amazon.com/prCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "All-New Kindle Now With an Adjustable Front Light For Just $89.99"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/vornado-increases-and-extends-one-of-its-two-revolving-credit-facilities-2019-03-26-181842441": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 6:24 p.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 26, Mar 26, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- NEW YORK, March 26, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- VORNADO REALTY TRUST VNO, +0.12% announced today that Vornado Realty L.P., the operating partnership through which Vornado Realty Trust conducts its business, has increased to $1.5 billion and extended to March 2024 (as fully extended) one of its two unsecured revolving credit facilities. The interest rate on the extended facility was lowered from LIBOR plus 100 basis points to LIBOR plus 90 basis points. The facility fee remains at 20 basis points.Vornado's other $1.25 billion revolving credit facility matures in January 2023 (as fully extended) and has an interest rate of LIBOR plus 100 basis points and a facility fee of 20 basis points.The joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners for the facility are JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, U.S. Bank National Association, and Wells Fargo Securities LLC, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. serves as Administrative Agent. Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. serve as Co-Syndication Agents. Bank of Montreal, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., PNC Capital Markets LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC, serve as joint lead arrangers.Vornado Realty Trust is a fully integrated equity real estate investment trust.CONTACT:\nJOSEPH MACNOW\n(212) 894-7000Certain statements contained herein may constitute \"forward-looking statements\" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could materially affect the outcome of our forward-looking statements and our future results and financial condition, see \"Risk Factors\" in Part I, Item 1A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Such factors include, among others, risks associated with the timing of and costs associated with property improvements, financing commitments and general competitive factors.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Vornado Increases and Extends One of its Two Revolving Credit Facilities"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/house-panel-wants-tech-ceos-to-explain-how-theyll-stop-spread-of-violent-videos-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 10:04 p.m. ET", "article": "WASHINGTON \u2014 The head of the House Homeland Security Committee asked four technology companies to attend a closed-door briefing next week on their efforts to prevent violent videos from being disseminated in the wake of last week\u2019s mass shooting in New Zealand.Chairman Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., asked the chief executives of Facebook Inc. FB, +0.26%  , Twitter Inc. TWTR, -0.12%  , YouTube and Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +0.14%   to appear before the committee on March 27 for a private briefing \u201cregarding your response to the dissemination of the video of the New Zealand terrorist attack on your platforms and how your companies intend to prevent this disturbing incident from happening again.\u201dThe letter, dated Monday, was publicly released Tuesday. Representatives for Microsoft and Facebook said the companies planned to brief the committee as requested but didn\u2019t commit to which executives they would send. YouTube, a unit of Alphabet\u2019s GOOG, +0.06% GOOGL, +0.02%   Google, didn\u2019t respond to requests for comment about how it would respond to the letter, and Twitter declined to comment.The companies have faced criticism after scenes of Friday\u2019s New Zealand mosque massacre were streamed live on Facebook and recordings of it were posted on Twitter and YouTube. All three platforms have struggled to block, uncover and remove violent content despite public outcry and political pressure. They have invested heavily in artificial-intelligence systems designed to detect violence, and have hired thousands of moderators to review content flagged by users. But the sheer volume of material posted by the platforms\u2019 billions of users, along with the difficulty in evaluating which videos cross the line, have created a minefield for the companies.An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.Also popular on WSJ.com:How the National Enquirer got Jeff Bezos\u2019 texts: It paid $200,000 to his lover\u2019s brother.The $1 million HOA blowup: It started with misplaces flower pots.", "title": "House panel wants tech CEOs to explain how they\u2019ll stop spread of violent videos"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/charting-a-break-to-clear-skies-territory-sp-500-nasdaq-reclaim-major-resistance-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 12:07 p.m. ET", "article": "Though the mid-March price action remains uneven, key slow-motion breakout attempts are currently in play.On a headline basis, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite have tagged five-month highs \u2014 clearing resistance at S&P 2,817 and Nasdaq 7,670 \u2014 opening the path to less-charted territory, and still potentially material follow-through.Before detailing the U.S. markets\u2019 wider view, the S&P 500\u2019s", "title": "Charting a break to \u2018clear skies\u2019 territory: S&P 500, Nasdaq reclaim major resistance"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/warren-buffett-kraft-heinz-writedown-cost-berkshire-hathaway-big-in-2018-2019-02-24": {"date": "Feb 24, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Buffett\u2019s annual letter to shareholders detailed a $25.4 billion loss in the fourth quarter of 2018. See full story.Warren Buffett\u2019s annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway shareholders will be released Saturday morning and pored over by investors around the world. Here\u2019s what to expect from the warts-and-all missive. See full story.But eliminating it would probably do more harm than good See full story.A video of the California senator\u2019s confrontation with child environmentalists has sparked internet ire. See full story.Like millions of American workers, Smollett was reportedly unhappy with his salary. See full story.Cocktail drinkers across the United States are of one mind when it comes to their favorite pour: The margarita is the king and the martini is sloshing right on its heels. But not in Chicago. See full story.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Warren Buffett: Kraft Heinz writedown cost Berkshire Hathaway big in 2018"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/how-to-marie-kondo-your-subscriptions-with-the-click-of-a-button-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 6:15 a.m. ET", "article": "Feel like you have too many subscriptions and not enough time \u2014 or money? You aren\u2019t alone.On Monday, Apple AAPL, +1.04%  announced a new streaming video service that will allow users to subscribe to channels such as HBO T, +0.25%   and Showtime. With Netflix NFLX, -0.03% Hulu , and Amazon AMZN, -0.34%  providing their own subscription video services, some have speculated that consumers have reached \u201cpeak subscription,\u201d while others have complained about the amount of money they are shelling out each month to keep up with the latest shows.People who feel overwhelmed with subscriptions can take the Marie Kondo route, said Kelsey Sheehy, NerdWallet\u2019s personal-finance expert. The Japanese professional organizer popularized her signature decluttering method, known as KonMari, with several books and a Netflix original series released in 2019. Her cleaning tactics involve collecting all belongings in one place, then picking each one up and feeling whether it \u201csparks joy\u201d before deciding whether to keep it.Sheehy said this applies to digital clutter, too. \u201cIn the same way Marie Kondo tells you to put all your clothes out so you can take stock of what you have, people can do this with subscriptions,\u201d she said. \u201cLook at your monthly bank statements and determine what you are paying for.\u201dSheehy said she did this herself recently and realized she was paying for Amazon\u2019s Pantry subscription, which she had never used. Many people underestimate how much they are spending on recurring monthly costs, according to a survey from Waterstone Management Group released in July 2018.The average person thought they were paying $79.74 a month on subscriptions, when in reality the average monthly cost of various subscriptions runs at $111.61. The average household watches 15 hours of streamed video per week on services like Netflix, Hulu and Amazon Prime Video, Deloitte\u2019s 12th annual digital media trends survey found.Some apps allow people to take a quick inventory of their subscriptions with the click of a button. Financial automation app Trim, which is free, lets users look at how much recurring subscriptions are costing them and then cancel with the click of a button. Truebill, also free, works similarly, allowing users to log into subscription services after which the app will negotiate bills down or allow users to cancel them.Outflow, another free subscription management app, lets users track what monthly costs they are paying and cancel them. Unlike TrueBill or Trim it does not negotiate with the companies a user is paying. Trim and Truebill both reserve the right to share user data with third parties, while Outflow\u2019s privacy policy states user data is not stored unless directly permitted.\u201cSit down with the people in your household, and a pad and pen and literally make a list of every subscription,\u201d Jim Kimble, founder and owner of the Cord Cutting Report, a publication for consumers looking to leave cable for other services. \u201cIt may sound oversimplified, but it will make you realize there is a stark contrast between what you use every day versus what you are paying for just for the occasional show.\u201dUnlike many cable plans, Kimble said, most streaming services do not lock users into contracts. That means users can pay for an app just for one season of a show rather than spend money year round. \u201cJust because you watch 10 different streaming services in a year doesn\u2019t mean you need to pay for them all at once,\u201d he said.Others mooch off their friends or family\u2019s accounts, which is ethically questionable. This can save hundreds of dollars over the years, according to a January study from CordCutting.com. It found the average person who uses a Netflix account without paying for it will do so for 26 months.Netflix\u2019s official policy is that users should not share passwords. At a base subscription price of $8.99 per month for Netflix, this means the average mooching user saves $233 before they finally start paying for their own content.Executives at most streaming companies are aware that users share passwords and do not appear to be cracking down any time soon. Sharing passwords is technically a crime, but Netflix CEO Reed Hastings said in 2016, \u201cWe love people sharing Netflix,\u201d adding that people who mooch the service often become paying subscribers later.Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "How to \u2018Marie Kondo\u2019 your subscriptions with the click of a button"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/criteo-stock-slips-again-after-keybanc-suntrust-downgrades-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 9:03 a.m. ET", "article": "Shares of Criteo SA CRTO, +4.27% are down 3.5% in premarket trading Tuesday after analysts at KeyBanc Capital Markets and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey cut their ratings on the stock, citing a report from AdWeek that suggested Alphabet Inc.'s GOOGL, -0.64% GOOG, -0.67% Google might be considering changes to the targeting policies around its browser. \"Incentives and anti-trust issues make a full [Intelligent Tracking Prevention]-like solution in Chrome very unlikely, in our view,\" wrote KeyBanc's Andy Hargreaves, referring to an Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.82% program that works similarly. \"However, we will not be able to disprove the bear case until Google provides more clarity on its plans, which is likely to create an overhang on CRTO that we do not expect to ease in the near term.\" Hargreaves lowered his rating on the stock to sector weight from overweight. \"Restriction to third-party tracking in Chrome could cause massive disruption to Criteo and the digital ad industry,\" he said. SunTrust's Matthew Thornton downgraded the stock to hold from buy and cut his price target to $24 from $32. He cited \"uncertainty\" around Google's plans and said that Chrome may account for half of Criteo's revenue, according to his estimates. \"Thus the loss of targeting users on Chrome would likely have severe consequences and, in addition, could trigger the remaining browsers (e.g. IE/Edge, Opera) to follow suit (could push exposed revenue to 55%-60% of total by our estimate),\" he wrote. Shares are down 5.8% over the past three months, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.14% has gained 13%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Criteo stock slips again after KeyBanc, SunTrust downgrades"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/freddie-mac-prices-14-billion-multifamily-k-deal-k-089-2019-03-15-111841320": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 11:13 a.m. ET", "article": "MCLEAN, Mar 15, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- MCLEAN, Va., March 15, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Freddie Mac (otcqb:FMCC) recently priced a new offering of Structured Pass-Through Certificates (K Certificates), which are multifamily mortgage-backed securities. The company expects to issue approximately $1.4 billion in K Certificates (K-089 Certificates), which are expected to settle on or about March 21, 2019.K-089 PricingDetailsRelated LinksThe K-089 Certificates are backed by corresponding classes issued by the FREMF 2019-K89 Mortgage Trust (K-89 Trust) and guaranteed by Freddie Mac. The K-89 Trust will also issue certificates consisting of the Class X2-A, Class X2-B, Class B, Class C, Class D and Class R Certificates, which will not be guaranteed by Freddie Mac and will not back any class of K-089 Certificates.Freddie Mac Multifamily is a leading issuer of agency-guaranteed structured multifamily securities. K-Deals are part of the company's business strategy to transfer a portion of the risk of losses away from taxpayers and to private investors who purchase the unguaranteed subordinate bonds. K Certificates typically feature a wide range of investor options with stable cash flows and structured credit enhancement.This announcement is not an offer to sell any Freddie Mac securities. Offers for any given security are made only through applicable offering circulars and related supplements, which incorporate Freddie Mac's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 14, 2019; all other reports Freddie Mac filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) since December 31, 2018, excluding any information \"furnished\" to the SEC on Form 8-K; and all documents that Freddie Mac files with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c) or 14 of the Exchange Act, excluding any information \"furnished\" to the SEC on Form 8-K.\n\nFreddie Mac's press releases sometimes contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond the company's control. Management's expectations for the company's future necessarily involve a number of assumptions, judgments and estimates, and various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in these and other forward-looking statements. These assumptions, judgments, estimates and factors are discussed in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, which are available on the Investor Relations page of the company's Web site at www.FreddieMac.com/investors and the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements it makes to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this press release. The multifamily investors section of the company's Web site at https://mf.freddiemac.com/investors/ will also be updated, from time to time, with any information on material developments or other events that may be important to investors, and we encourage investors to access this website on a regular basis for such updated information.The financial and other information contained in the documents that may be accessed on this page speaks only as of the date of those documents. The information could be out of date and no longer accurate. Freddie Mac undertakes no obligation, and disclaims any duty, to update any of the information in those documents.Freddie Mac makes home possible for millions of families and individuals by providing mortgage capital to lenders. Since our creation by Congress in 1970, we've made housing more accessible and affordable for homebuyers and renters in communities nationwide. We are building a better housing finance system for homebuyers, renters, lenders, and taxpayers. Learn more at FreddieMac.com, Twitter @FreddieMac and Freddie Mac's blog FreddieMac.com/blog.MEDIA CONTACT: Mike Morosi 703-918-5851 Michael_Morosi@FreddieMac.comINVESTOR CONTACT: Robert Koontz571-382-4082(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Freddie Mac Prices $1.4 Billion Multifamily K-Deal, K-089"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/jamf-announces-day-zero-support-for-all-apple-spring-releases-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 3:00 p.m. ET", "article": "MINNEAPOLIS, March 25, Mar 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- MINNEAPOLIS, March 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Jamf, the standard in Apple management, today announced it is prepared with both compatibility and key feature support for Apple's spring release. When users of iPhone, iPad, Mac or Apple TV devices upgrade, IT administrators using Jamf Pro or Jamf Now can be confident their management workflows will be uninterrupted and their end users can leverage the latest features. For over a decade, Jamf has offered day-zero support for all Apple releases, ensuring customers can take advantage of new Apple technology as soon as it becomes available. Today, Jamf helps more than 26,000 organizations succeed with Apple.Jamf Pro Supports Operating Systems' New Management Functionality\nJamf Pro, Jamf's flagship mobile device management (MDM) solution designed specifically for professional Apple IT administrators, supports Apple's new functionality around MDM commands across all OS platforms, including:Self Service for iOS\nIn addition to supporting functionality introduced in Apple's spring release, Jamf launched Self Service for iOS custom branding. On the login screen, admins are now able to set a custom logo and color palette. Within the app, admins can also set a custom header image.\"For a decade, Jamf has given our customers peace of mind and the optimal operating system upgrade experience by supporting Apple OS upgrades at release,\" said Dean Hager, CEO, Jamf. \"In lock step with Apple, we are excited to bring these MDM and security features to our customers so they're better able to empower their end users to get the most from their device safely and securely on day zero.\"About Jamf\nJamf is committed to enabling IT to empower end users and bring the legendary Apple experience to businesses, education and government organizations via its Jamf Pro and Jamf Now products, and the 75,000 members of Jamf Nation. Today, nearly 26,000 global customers rely on Jamf to manage 13 million Apple devices. To learn more, visit: https://www.jamf.com.Media Contact:\nRachel Nauen\nJamf\n(651) 587-8927\nRachel.nauen@jamf.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Jamf Announces Day-Zero Support for All Apple Spring Releases"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/decisionone-it-support-for-workplace-extends-to-apple-products-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 8:35 a.m. ET", "article": "WAYNE, Pa., March 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- DecisionOne Corporation, the leader in Workplace IT Managed Services, Multi-device Support and Full Cycle Asset Management, announced that is has been designated an Apple Authorized Service Provider (ASP) for warranty and extended warranty support services in the US and Canada.As an Apple ASP, DecisionOne accepts Apple Limited One Year Warranty as well as AppleCare Extended Warranty and AppleCare+ support service requests. The Apple products serviced include all generations of the popular iPhone, iPad and MAC product sets, as well as iHome, Apple TV and Apple Watch technologies.\"DecisionOne IT support solutions for the Workplace are multi-device and include dozens of manufacturer products. Becoming an Apple Authorized Service Provider extends our support capabilities for our customers in North America,\" stated Dan DellaVentura, EVP at DecisionOne.In addition to handling thousands of desktops, laptops, printers, mobile devices, displays, network products, point-of-sale systems and kiosks; the addition of Apple support will provide customers repair, refresh and asset management services to help customers simplify. DecisionOne will also be able to configure and deploy Apple devices through Apple Configurator, which can manage and import profiles, install and set up management tools and security allowing for a unified digital workplace platform.\"Our Apple ASP designation allows us to support the field devices that companies deploy to their employees, stores and offices, along with our traditional multi-vendor desktop/laptop, mobile, POS, kiosk and printer support services,\" DellaVentura further stated.DecisionOne is the largest independent provider of IT Infrastructure services and offers a wide range of services for the Workplace and Data Center globally for over 60 years.As technology and mobility pressures challenge customers, DecisionOne is uniquely positioned to help organizations compete and simplify. Find additional information: www.decisionone.com or call toll free 800-767-2876.About DecisionOneDecisionOne Corporation is the largest global independent technology support organization in the third party support and managed services markets. For more than 60 years, DecisionOne has delivered comprehensive IT solutions to some of the most complex enterprises in the world\u2014including retail, healthcare, transportation, financial services, and government. DecisionOne maintains the largest W-2 field workforce of all TPMs and ISOs that provide support and professional services, including Managed Services for the data center and workplace, as well as outsourced remote monitoring solutions, dedicated help/support desks, full cycle asset management, forward/reverse logistics and supply chain management services. For more information, visit us on the web at: www.DecisionOne.com, on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/decisionone/, and on twitter @DecisionOne, or by calling 800-767-2876.Marketing Contact: Karen Strickler 610-296-6183, 211185@email4pr.comView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/decisionone-it-support-for-workplace-extends-to-apple-products-300814093.htmlSOURCE DecisionOne CorporationCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "DecisionOne IT Support For Workplace Extends to Apple Products"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/keller-williams-realty-tacoma-team-joins-berkshire-hathaway-homeservices-and-forms-brokerage-2019-02-26": {"date": "Feb 26, 2019 10:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices, part of the HSF Affiliates LLC family of real estate brokerage franchise networks, today announced that a top-producing real estate team from Keller Williams Realty Tacoma, has joined its network and formed a brokerage. The team now operates as Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices South Sound Properties, specializing in new-home sales.South Sound Properties, which represents homebuilders in Pierce and Thurston counties, is owned and operated by Gary and Pam Hendrickson. The brokerage joins one of America\u2019s fastest-growing real estate brokerage networks now counting nearly 50,000 agents and 1,450+ offices in just over five years as a brand.Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Chairman Gino Blefari welcomed South Sound Properties to the brand. \u201cThis company is by no means a startup operation,\u201d said Blefari. \u201cGary is so well respected among local homebuilders and the team he and Pam have assembled brings a wonderful mix of experience, skill, diversity and enthusiasm. Their success in new-home sales and the trust they\u2019ve established among builders and real estate consumers will keep South Sound Properties growing for years.\u201d\u201cWe wanted to form our own brokerage for some time and considered many brand options,\u201d said Gary Hendrickson. \u201cWe chose Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices for its name appeal and lineage, and for its philosophy on growth. The brand chooses network members who want to grow, and it supports them with top-quality tools and resources. South Sound Properties is ready to grow from the start.\u201dWith a new-home sales dream team in place, Gary Hendrickson said he will build an existing-home sales operation by recruiting top, local agents. Broker Michael Dattilo, with extensive experience in new- and existing-home sales, has already joined the brokerage.As part of their network membership, South Sound Properties agents gain access to Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices\u2019 Global Network Platform, a powerful tool suite driving lead generation, marketing support, social media, video production/distribution and more. In addition, the network provides global listing syndication, relocation referrals, professional education and the exclusive Luxury Collection marketing program for high-end listings.South Sound Properties also joins Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices\u2019 active client-referral and relocation networks. \u201cFellow network members operate across America and in Berlin, Germany; London, England; Milan, Italy and other regions,\u201d said Pam Hendrickson. \u201cWe look forward to additional business through these channels and for the global exposure our listings will receive through our network and its listing-syndication programs.\u201dSouth Sound Properties will commemorate its brand transition today with an open house event from 1-7 p.m. at its new headquarters in downtown Gig Harbor, 3126 Harborview Drive.About Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices South Sound PropertiesSouth Sound Properties specializes in new-home sales in the South Puget Sound region including Pierce and Thurston counties. The brokerage, founded by Gary and Pam Hendrickson, is built on a culture of trust, integrity and continuous improvement. Visit www.BHHSsouthsound.com.About Berkshire Hathaway HomeServicesBerkshire Hathaway HomeServices, based in Irvine, CA, is a real estate brokerage network built for a new era in residential real estate. The network, among the few organizations entrusted to use the world-renowned Berkshire Hathaway name, brings to the real estate market a definitive mark of trust, integrity, stability and longevity. The brand was recognized for \u201cHighest Satisfaction Among Repeat Home Buyers Among National Full Service Real Estate Firms\u201d in J.D. Power\u2019s 2018 Home Buyer/Seller Satisfaction Study [SM] . Visit www.berkshirehathawayhs.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190226005666/en/SOURCE: Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@BHHSRealEstateContact\nKevin Ostler\n(949) 794-7980\nkevinostler@hsfranchise.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Keller Williams Realty Tacoma Team Joins Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices and Forms Brokerage"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-steps-to-protect-customers-may-have-major-impact-on-vendors-according-to-the-upstart-group-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 8:28 a.m. ET", "article": "CHICAGO, March 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Amazon is quietly instituting policy changes that will have a large impact on many companies who have come to rely on the e-commerce site as a key source \u2013 and for some, the only source \u2013 of retail sales. Right now, thousands of vendors are not receiving purchase orders, creating havoc and panic among businesses across the landscape.\"Over the last two weeks, Amazon has cut off in-network and dropship purchase orders for vendors classified as VSP, the Vendor Success Program,\" says Rohan Thrambahalli, founder of The Upstart Group, a strategic marketing and technology company focused on helping businesses succeed on Amazon.com and other e-commerce platforms. Thrambahalli adds, \"We believe these drastic changes are being made to ensure Amazon protects their customer experience. Too many customers have been receiving damaged or counterfeit goods, or have had a poor customer service experience. Amazon is protecting their brand and their customers.\"As a result of these changes, Amazon will become very selective in who they bring onboard as a retail vendor. According to Thrambahalli, \"We think that vendors who Amazon deems as 'not strategic' will need to be self-sufficient in operating on Amazon's Vendor Central Platform.\" Vendors who are self-sufficient in pick-pack-ship, inventory management, customer service and billing, will be able to weather the changes. But they'll only receive payment when a product is actually sold, and this could have a significant impact on their business. Those used to shipping an order, invoicing Amazon and getting paid within 30 days will have to adapt to a new model.      So what are the alternatives? If you're a Direct Vendor with Amazon, waiting to take action could have a negative impact on your business. Chances are, you won't hear anything directly from Amazon, so consider partnering with a knowledgeable, experienced Amazon player such as The Upstart Group to help navigate the new environment and minimize the threat to your business. Disruption creates opportunity, and this is a chance to move your business ahead while competitors sit on the sidelines.The Upstart Group is a sales consulting group based in Chicago, Ill., with offices in Seattle, Wash., Dubai, UAE, and Shanghai, China. Their focus is helping businesses succeed in the global e-commerce landscape.  www.upstartusa.comFor more information, contact:David Moore Objective Strategic Marketing 402-738-0590 David@ThinkObjective.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/amazon-steps-to-protect-customers-may-have-major-impact-on-vendors-according-to-the-upstart-group-300815588.htmlSOURCE The Upstart GroupCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Amazon Steps to Protect Customers May Have Major Impact On Vendors, According to The Upstart Group"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/lyft-announces-launch-of-initial-public-offering-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 6:17 a.m. ET", "article": "SAN FRANCISCO, March 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Lyft, Inc. today announced that it has launched the roadshow for the initial public offering of its Class A common stock. Lyft is offering 30,770,000 shares of its Class A common stock, plus up to an additional 4,615,500 shares that the underwriters have the option to purchase. The initial public offering price is expected to be between $62.00 and $68.00 per share. The shares are expected to trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol \"LYFT.\"J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Jefferies LLC, UBS Securities LLC, Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, RBC Capital Markets, LLC and KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. will act as book-running managers for the offering.The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus relating to this offering, when available, may be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at 866-803-9204 or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Attn: Prospectus Department, Eleven Madison Avenue, 3 [rd] Floor, New York, NY 10010, by telephone at 800-221-1037 or by email at usa.prospectus@credit-suisse.com; Jefferies LLC, Attn: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Departments, 520 Madison Avenue, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at 877-821-7388 or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; UBS Securities LLC, Attn: Prospectus Department, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019, by telephone at 888-827-7275 or by email at olprospectusrequest@ubs.com; Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Attn: Syndicate Department, 1 South Street, 15th Floor, Baltimore, MD 21202, by telephone at 855-300-7136 or by email at syndprospectus@stifel.com; RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attn: Equity Syndicate, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10281-8098, by telephone at 877-822-4089 or by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com; or KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Attn: Prospectus Delivery Department, 127 Public Square, 4th Floor, Cleveland, OH 44114 or by telephone at 800-859-1783.A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission but has not yet become effective. These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.Contact:\nAdrian Durbin / Alexandra LaManna\npress@lyft.comKelly Sullivan / Jed Repko / Scott Bisang / Amy Feng\nJoele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher\n212.355.4449 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lyft-announces-launch-of-initial-public-offering-300813788.htmlSOURCE LyftCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Lyft Announces Launch of Initial Public Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/financial-stocks-in-broad-selloff-again-as-treasury-yields-fall-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 9:45 a.m. ET", "article": "Financial stocks were broadly lower Friday, with the sector headed for a fourth-straight loss, as the benchmark 10-year Treasury yield dropped to a 15-month low in the wake of the Federal Reserve's downbeat economic outlook and disappointing eurozone data. The SPDR Financial Select Sector ETF XLF, +0.22% shed 1.3%, with 67 of 68 components trading lower, and has not dropped 4.4% over the past four sessions. Among the ETF's most-active components, shares of Bank of America Corp. BAC, +0.53% lost 1.4%, Citigroup Inc. C, +0.65% gave up 2.4%, J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.48% slid 0.9% and Regions Financial Corp. RF, +0.18% slumped 3.1%. Lower long-term interest rates can hurt bank profits, as the spread between what the banks earn on longer-term assets, such as loans, and what they pay to fund the assets with shorter-term liabilities, narrow. The financial ETF has lost 7.1% over the past 12 months, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.21% has gained 7.9%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Financial stocks in broad selloff again, as Treasury yields fall"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/buffett-says-he-overpaid-for-kraft-business-was-wrong-in-a-couple-of-ways-about-the-investment-2019-02-25": {"date": "Feb 25, 2019 9:18 a.m. ET", "article": "Warren Buffett Monday morning acknowledged some mistakes in one of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.\u2019s most high-profile purchases, one that has resulted in recent paper losses.On Monday, the Oracle of Omaha said he \u201coverpaid\u201d for his company\u2019s BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.05%   investment in Kraft Heinz Co. KHC, -0.33% which saw its worst daily decline on record last week after a number of disclosures that slammed the packaged-food giant\u2019s shares.Late Thursday, Kraft Heinz wrote down the value of some of its biggest brands, including Oscar Meyer, by $15.4 billion, disclosed an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission into its accounting practices, and slashed its dividend by 36%.Read: Kraft Heinz loses a lot of cheese as earnings send stock plunging to record low\u201cI was wrong in a couple of ways about Kraft Heinz,\u201d Buffett told CNBC during Monday\u2019s interview. Berkshire acquired Kraft business in 2013 jointly with Brazilian private-equity company 3G Capital and two years later merged it with HJ Heinz. He said \u201cwe paid $100 billion in tangible assets. So for us, it has to earn $107 billion, not just the $7 billion that the business employs.\u201dOn Friday, Kraft shares shed 27.5%, booking its worst daily decline in its history, even as the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.19% the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.08% and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.01% enjoyed firm gains on the session.Stumbles for the packaged-goods company come amid a shift in consumer trends toward healthier options, with declines on Friday resulting in more than $4 billion in losses for Buffett\u2019s Berkshire Hathaway, one of the biggest owners of Kraft.Still, Buffett told CNBC that he viewed Kraft as a \u201cwonderful business,\u201d and argued that it is hard for rivals to compete with the food giant.Kraft Heinz contributed a $2.7 billion loss to Berkshire in 2018, compared with adding $2.9 billion to its earnings in 2017, according to the investment conglomerate\u2019s most recent public filing.Berkshire\u2019s stake in Kraft Heinz has been the same since the third quarter of 2015, according to SEC filings. Before that, filings showed ownership of just 192,666 shares of Kraft Foods Group Inc. and 578,000 shares of Mondelez. Since Sept. 30, 2015, Krafts\u2019s shares have now lost about half their value.According to a separate report on CNBC, Kraft was weighing a sale of its Maxwell House coffee business, and has hired investment bank Credit Suisse to explore its options.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Buffett says he \u2018overpaid for Kraft\u2019 business, was \u2018wrong in a couple of ways\u2019 about the investment"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/one-drop-partners-with-amazons-choice-to-expand-health-services-offering-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 8:00 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- One Drop, a leader in the development of digital therapeutics solutions for people with diabetes and related conditions, today announced a partnership with Amazon's exclusive health brand, Choice. Through this partnership, One Drop and Amazon's Choice will bring affordable, accessible, and comprehensive digital health management services to Amazon's Choice customers living with diabetes and hypertension nationwide.\"Of the 30 million Americans living with diabetes, 20 million are also living with high blood pressure. There is an urgent need to better serve people managing multiple conditions through simple, convenient, evidence-based health management services on their mobile phones,\" said Jeff Dachis, CEO and Founder of One Drop. \"Choice and One Drop have partnered to eliminate barriers to disease management by giving Choice customers access to holistic, hyper-personalized digital care through the One Drop platform.\"Choice, exclusively on Amazon and developed by Arcadia Group, was launched in late 2018, offering an array of affordable medical devices for monitoring blood glucose and blood pressure. Now, Choice devices will integrate directly with the One Drop | Mobile app. Choice customers will have access to One Drop's diabetes, blood pressure and weight management capabilities, including AI-powered automated decision support. Additionally, Amazon's Choice customers seeking to improve blood glucose levels, heart health, decrease weight, and/or prevent the onset of diabetes will be able to enroll in One Drop's expanded suite of personal coaching programs through One Drop | Experts.The launch of Choice on Amazon follows Amazon's steady expansion into healthcare over the past few years. Recently, Amazon introduced Alexa as \"a new voice in diabetes management,\" and One Drop became the first diabetes platform to incorporate Alexa voice technology, improving accessibility and ease-of-use for all users of its diabetes management services.\"We are thrilled to partner with an innovator like One Drop, whose evidence-based, clinically effective diabetes management platform has proven to deliver excellent results at a fraction of the cost of the current standard of care,\" said Bob Guest, CEO of Arcadia Group. \"This collaboration presents an exciting opportunity achieve our mission to deliver the most accessible, affordable and actionable offering in the consumer medical device space.\"\"We are meeting people where they are and providing essential support when and where it is convenient for them,\" Dachis added. \"There are already enough barriers standing between us and good health. High cost, inconvenience, and inaccessibility should not be among them.\"ABOUT ONE DROP \u00aeOne Drop is a digital health company harnessing the power of mobile computing and data science to transform the lives of people with diabetes worldwide. The One Drop platform brings affordable, accessible diabetes care to everyone with diabetes and a smartphone, as well as their employers, insurers and healthcare providers. One Drop's consumer services are available for purchase in-app (iOS and Android) and at www.onedrop.today. One Drop | Mobile is available for free download worldwide (iOS and Android). For more information on helping your organization lower the cost of care, contact results@onedrop.today.ABOUT CHOICE \u00aeChoice is an Amazon exclusive brand which offers affordable and easily accessible products and services for people with chronic diseases. Presently Choice offers medical devices for people with diabetes and hypertension.  For more information contact bguest@arcadiagp.com.View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/one-drop-partners-with-amazons-choice-to-expand-health-services-offering-300814317.htmlSOURCE One DropCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "One Drop Partners With Amazon's Choice To Expand Health Services Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-gains-more-than-200-points-to-25978-as-apple-shares-surge-41-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 2:12 p.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-stock-price-target-raised-to-215-from-200-at-wedbush-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 7:53 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/most-us-consumers-would-purchase-on-amazon-before-other-e-commerce-sites-feedvisor-study-finds-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 19, Mar 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- NEW YORK, March 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Feedvisor, the \"AI-first\" optimization and intelligence platform for large sellers and brands on Amazon, today released an in-depth analysis on consumer habits and sentiments in a retail ecosystem dominated by Amazon. The 2019 Amazon Consumer Behavior Report explores the behaviors, motivations, and needs of more than 2,000 U.S. consumers across themes like product search and purchasing, advertising, brand names, and Amazon Prime, as well as more recent trends like private label products, voice ordering, and grocery.One of the report's most compelling findings is that shopper loyalty to Amazon is at an all-time high -- a large majority of consumers (89 percent) and nearly all current Prime members (96 percent) are more likely to buy products from Amazon than other e-commerce sites. Additional findings include:\"Our study confirms that Amazon is at the center of the customer's purchasing journey, so it should be at the center of every seller and brand's e-commerce strategy,\" said Dani Nadel, President and COO, Feedvisor. \"Today's consumers actively seek brands they know, are heavily influenced by price, rarely search past the first two pages of search results, and frequently buy the first product listed. With these evolving behaviors and expectations, brands and retailers need to optimize their content, strategically advertise, and price competitively. With a holistic Amazon strategy, they can connect and engage with high-value prospects and loyal consumers.\"Although consumers are drawn to the convenience of Amazon and the breadth of its inventory, the research reveals that access to brand names is critically important -- and there is room for improvement.Looking ahead, consumers are also open to trying many of Amazon's newer technologies and experiences. As Amazon leverages tactics like free shipping during its annual sales events, many consumers are already planning to make a purchase during the 2019 promotions:To download the full 2019 Amazon Consumer Behavior Report, please visit https://fdvsr.com/amazonconsumerreport.About Feedvisor\nFeedvisor is the \"AI-first\" optimization and intelligence platform for large sellers and brands on Amazon. Feedvisor's proven technology and deep Amazon expertise draws insights from the myriad of data streams from the Amazon Marketplace and customers' business operations, and provides personalized, actionable, real-time decisions that maximize profitability and drive overall business growth. For more information about Feedvisor, visit feedvisor.com.Methodology\nThis poll was conducted by Zogby Analytics on behalf of Feedvisor. It was distributed online from February 14 to 17, 2019, among a sample of 2,000+ U.S. adults who have purchased a product on Amazon in the last 24 months. Results from the full survey have a margin of error of plus or minus 2.2 percentage points. All numbers have been rounded to the nearest percent.Media Contact\nLaunchSquad for Feedvisor\nfeedvisor@launchsquad.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Most U.S. consumers would purchase on Amazon before other e-commerce sites, Feedvisor study finds"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/not-a-bad-time-to-take-some-profits-on-this-post-2009-stock-market-rally-advises-guggenheims-minerd-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 9:58 a.m. ET", "article": "Does the Fed know something investors don\u2019t?That\u2019s one big takeaway from what some are calling a \u201cbizarre\u201d Fed meeting on Wednesday, which saw Chairman Jerome Powell and fellow policy makers pull another surprise by signaling they expect to see no rate hikes this year.But take that 180-degree Fed turn with a pinch of salt, advises Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at ThinkMarkets. In his view, it would \u201conly take a couple of strong economic readings before we see the pressure building up again on the Fed.\u201d So do like Powell says maybe and \u201cbe patient and watch and wait to see how things evolve.\u201dThere\u2019s no \u201csky-is-falling\u201d vibe coming off Guggenheim Partner\u2019s chief investment officer Scott Minerd, who provides a straightforward call of the day with advice on what investors should do now that the Fed has laid pretty much all its cards on the table.\u201cInevitably, we\u2019re late in the cycle and a recession looms out there somewhere, and we can all argue about when, but it\u2019s coming and\u2026you\u2019ve had a really good move since 2009. It\u2019s not a bad time to take some profits,\u201d he told Bloomberg in a post-Fed interview Tuesday.But, like others, he was caught off guard by a more \u201ctempered\u201d Fed. And using the punch bowl analogy \u2014 in which it\u2019s the Fed\u2019s job to take it away while everyone\u2019s still having a good time, but before they start jumping into the pool fully clothed \u2014 Minerd says the Fed seems to have \u201creturned the punchbowl and encouraged everyone to have a drink.\u201d Read that Bloomberg interview here.One problem echoed by the Guggenheim CIO is that the Fed\u2019s new stance may allow excesses in the system to build up, such as a highly indebted corporate sector.\u201cI think this is going to support more of that. We\u2019re going to see more M&A given that corporate debt to GDP is at a record high. We\u2019re still not in a recession, and it typically rises in a recession. I think it\u2019s making the economy more vulnerable,\u201d he said.Also, companies could face rising labor costs, he said, homing in on one comment Powell made\u2014that rising unit labor costs don\u2019t necessarily have to increase inflation. Higher labor costs invariably pressure corporate earnings, which isn\u2019t good for risk assets, he said.At times like these, investors need to keep their cool, but they simply trade too much, says Minerd. \u201cThey pivot, just like central banks, so nobody can get the timing of this stuff correct. Our basic theory is pick your portfolio based on what will happen in the next five years, put it away and don\u2019t pay any attention to it unless something dramatic is happening to change the long-term view,\u201d he says.The Nasdaq COMP, +0.71% is leading gains at the start, with a modest rise for the Dow DJIA, +0.55%  and S&P 500 SPX, +0.72% More coverage in Market SnapshotGold US:GCU8 is the star for Thursday, extending its rally as the dollar DXY, +0.07% limps, wounded after a Fed-induced beatdown. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, -1.31% is on the move, dropping to 2.514% after hitting the lowest levels in a year on Wednesday. Crude US:CLU8 is slipping.Read: This recession indicator is closer to flashing red after the Fed\u2019s \u2018dovish double-down\u2019The pound GBPUSD, +0.1514%  is also under pressure as Brexit drama swirls. The Bank of England left key rates unchanged at its policy meeting, citing, what else, Brexit worries.Europe stocks SXXP, +0.39%  are mixed. Asia stocks also had a jumpy session, with the Hang Seng HSI, +0.56%  leading the losers, down 0.9%.They\u2019re calling it \u201cfeemageddon.\u201dFees charged by U.S. equity funds hit a fresh record low in 2018, according to data from the Investment Company Institute, the Financial Times reports, which brings us to our chart of the day below that lays out that decline. The drop is, of course, due to the increasing popularity of exchange-traded and other index funds that track the big gauges. The average expense ratio fell to 0.55% in 2018 from 0.59% in 2017, the report said. Asset managers were charging nearly double that around the year 2000. Expense ratios reflect the operating costs of running those funds.Levi LEVI, +1.42%  shares will begin trading on the NYSE Thursday, selling 36.7 million shares for $17 each, valuing the company at about $6.5 billion. But it\u2019s worth reading up before you invest. For example, a dual-class share structure means the Levi family has a big say incorporate matters.Fellow jeans maker Guess GES, +1.52%  is tanking after an earnings miss and disappointing forecast. There was better news from retailer Williams-Sonoma WSM, -1.05% Calvin Klein apparel maker GII GIII, +0.13%  and Olive Garden parent Darden Restaurants DRI, +0.33%DRI, +0.33% Biogen BIIB, +5.74%  , meanwhile is down sharply after ending late-stage trials for an Alzheimer drugs.Taking some by surprise, CVS Health CVS, +0.80%  says it will start selling products with a derivative of marijuana, even though it\u2019s still not legal in all states. Meanwhile, CBD Easter candy is here.Micron MU, -0.57%  delivered downbeat results late Wednesday, but markets are applauding its decision to reduce some chip manufacturing amid an industry glut.Boeing BA, -0.02% may have received another blow with news the FBI has reportedly joined a probe into the certification of its 737 Max, involved in two fatal plane crashes over the past few months.Facebook FB, +0.84%  admits its AI tools at first failed to catch the live video of the New Zealand mosque massacres, but it pushed back against a time-delay on such streams. Meanwhile, less than a week after that deadly attack, that country\u2019s government has banned semiautomatic and automatic weaponsPrime Minister Theresa May will be working an EU summit to try to get leaders to agree to an extension to Brexit, now days away, so that she can get her twice-failed deal across the line. For its part, the EU has said no extension unless U.K. passes her withdrawal deal.Brexit Brief: EU tells Theresa May \u2014 it\u2019s deal, or no dealJobless claims came in just below expectations, while the Philly Fed index showed a bounce after a drop in February. Still to come are leading indicators.$100 million \u2014 That\u2019s how much Epic Games, home to the wildly popular \u2018Fortnite\u2019, is offering up in grants to help other developers, teachers and students create games or media and entertainment using its Unreal Engine 4 toolset, and with no strings attached.Less than a week after deadly attack, New Zealand bans semiautomatic and automatic weaponsWebsite for U.K. petition to cancel Brexit crashes after more than a half a million sign up.Lawsuit alleges Harvard University profited off early slave photos for years and a descendant wants them back.Add hot tea to the lost list of things that cause cancerDad involved in college-admission scam: it could be \u2018the front-page story\u2019Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "With Fed\u2019s cards on the table, \u2018not a bad time\u2019 to take profits, advises Guggenheim\u2019s Minerd"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/denbury-and-penn-virginia-announce-deadline-for-election-of-form-of-merger-consideration-2019-03-19-6184301": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 6:30 a.m. ET", "article": "PLANO and HOUSTON, Texas, Mar 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- PLANO and HOUSTON, Texas, March 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Denbury Resources Inc. DNR, +0.25% (\"Denbury\") and Penn Virginia Corporation PVAC, -0.95% (\"Penn Virginia\") jointly announced today that, in connection with Denbury's pending acquisition of Penn Virginia, April 16, 2019 at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time is the election deadline for record holders of shares of Penn Virginia's common stock to elect the form of merger consideration they wish to receive in connection with the transaction.An election will be valid only if a properly completed and signed election form and letter of transmittal, together with all required documents and materials set forth in the election form and letter of transmittal and the instructions thereto, is received by Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., the exchange agent for the transaction (\"Broadridge\"), by the election deadline. Penn Virginia shareholders who hold their shares through a bank, broker or other nominee may be subject to an earlier deadline and should carefully read the instructions from their bank, broker or nominee regarding making elections for their shares. Shareholders with questions should contact Broadridge toll-free at (855) 449-0977, or Penn Virginia's proxy solicitor, Okapi Partners LLC toll-free at (855) 305-0856 or, for brokers and banks, collect at (212) 297-0720.The election deadline does not impact the deadline for Penn Virginia common shareholders to vote on the proposal to approve the merger agreement being considered at the special meeting of Penn Virginia shareholders to be held on April 17, 2019 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time. Penn Virginia shareholders are encouraged to vote their shares if they have not already done so.As previously announced, under the terms of the definitive merger agreement, shareholders of Penn Virginia will receive, subject to proration, a combination of 12.4 shares of Denbury common stock and $25.86 of cash for each share of Penn Virginia common stock. Penn Virginia shareholders will have the option to receive all stock or all cash, subject to proration such that the overall mix of consideration does not result in more or less than $400 million in cash being paid. Shareholders who fail to make an election will receive whichever form of consideration is undersubscribed.The transaction is subject to the approval of Penn Virginia shareholders and is subject to approval by Denbury's stockholders of the issuance of common stock and an amendment to Denbury's charter to increase its authorized shares. The transaction is also subject to customary closing conditions.ADVISORSGuggenheim Securities, LLC is lead financial advisor to Denbury. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is providing financial advice to Denbury with respect to capital structure and financial aspects of the transaction and provided a financing commitment letter for a new $1.2 billion bank revolving credit facility and a $400 million senior secured second lien bridge loan. Jefferies LLC is financial advisor to Penn Virginia. Vinson & Elkins LLP is legal counsel to Denbury. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP are legal counsel to Penn Virginia.DENBURY RESOURCES INC.Denbury is an independent oil and natural gas company with operations focused in two key operating areas: the Gulf Coast and Rocky Mountain regions. Denbury's goal is to increase the value of its properties through a combination of exploitation, drilling and proven engineering extraction practices, with the most significant emphasis relating to CO2 enhanced oil recovery operations. For more information about Denbury, please visit www.denbury.com. The information on Denbury's website is not part of this release.PENN VIRGINIA CORPORATIONPenn Virginia is a pure-play independent oil and gas company engaged in the development and production of oil, NGLs and natural gas, with operations in the Eagle Ford shale in south Texas. For more information about Penn Virginia, please visit www.pennvirginia.com. The information on Penn Virginia's website is not part of this release.NO OFFER OR SOLICITATIONThis communication relates to the proposed business combination transaction (the \"Transaction\") between Denbury and Penn Virginia. This communication is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, in any jurisdiction, pursuant to the Transaction or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance, exchange or transfer of the securities referred to in this document in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act, as amended (the \"Securities Act\").ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND WHERE TO FIND ITIn connection with the proposed Transaction, Denbury filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-228935) that was originally filed on December 21, 2018 and amended on January 16, 2019, which includes a joint proxy statement of Denbury and Penn Virginia and a prospectus of Denbury. The registration statement became effective as of the close of business on February 4, 2019. Denbury and Penn Virginia have filed and may also file other documents with the SEC regarding the Transaction. The Transaction will be submitted to Denbury's stockholders and Penn Virginia's shareholders for their consideration. A definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus was sent to the stockholders of Denbury and shareholders of Penn Virginia on or about March 4, 2019. This document is not a substitute for the registration statement and joint proxy statement/prospectus filed with the SEC or any other documents that Denbury or Penn Virginia may file with the SEC or send to stockholders of Denbury or shareholders of Penn Virginia in connection with the Transaction. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF DENBURY AND PENN VIRGINIA ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS REGARDING THE TRANSACTION AND ALL OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT ARE FILED OR WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS.Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus and all other documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC by Denbury or Penn Virginia through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Copies of documents filed with the SEC by Denbury will be made available free of charge on Denbury's website at www.denbury.com or by directing a request to John Mayer, Director of Investor Relations, Denbury Resources Inc., 5320 Legacy Drive, Plano, Texas 75024, Tel. No. (972) 673-2000. Copies of documents filed with the SEC by Penn Virginia will be made available free of charge on Penn Virginia's website at www.pennvirginia.com, under the heading \"SEC Filings,\" or by directing a request to Investor Relations, Penn Virginia Corporation, 16285 Park Ten Place, Houston, Texas 77084, Suite 500, Tel. No. (713) 722-6500.PARTICIPANTS IN SOLICITATIONDenbury, Penn Virginia and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect to the Transaction.Information regarding Denbury's directors and executive officers is contained in the proxy statement for Denbury's 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the SEC on April 12, 2018, and certain of its Current Reports on Form 8-K. You can obtain free copies of these documents at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or by accessing Denbury's website at www.denbury.com. Information regarding Penn Virginia's executive officers and directors is contained in the proxy statement for Penn Virginia's 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the SEC on March 28, 2018, and certain of its Current Reports on Form 8-K. You can obtain free copies of these documents at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or by accessing Penn Virginia's website at www.pennvirginia.com.Investors may obtain additional information regarding the interests of those persons and other persons who may be deemed participants in the Transaction by reading the joint proxy statement/prospectus regarding the Transaction. You may obtain free copies of this document as described above.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThe foregoing contains \"forward-looking statements\" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this communication that address activities, events or developments that Denbury or Penn Virginia expects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. Words such as \"estimate,\" \"project,\" \"predict,\" \"believe,\" \"expect,\" \"anticipate,\" \"potential,\" \"create,\" \"intend,\" \"could,\" \"may,\" \"foresee,\" \"plan,\" \"will,\" \"guidance,\" \"look,\" \"outlook,\" \"goal,\" \"future,\" \"assume,\" \"forecast,\" \"build,\" \"focus,\" \"work,\" \"continue\" or the negative of such terms or other variations thereof and words and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future plans, actions, or events identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Transaction, pro forma descriptions of the combined company and its operations, integration and transition plans, synergies, opportunities and anticipated future performance. There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements included in this communication. These include the expected timing and likelihood of completion of the Transaction, including the ability to successfully integrate the businesses, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement, the possibility that stockholders of Denbury may not approve the issuance of new shares of common stock in the Transaction or the amendment of Denbury's charter or that shareholders of Penn Virginia may not approve the merger, the risk that the parties may not be able to satisfy the conditions to the Transaction in a timely manner or at all, the risk that any announcements relating to the Transaction could have adverse effects on the market price of Denbury's common stock or Penn Virginia's common stock, the risk that the Transaction and its announcement could have an adverse effect on the ability of Denbury and Penn Virginia to retain customers and retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with their suppliers and customers and on their operating results and businesses generally, the risk the pending Transaction could distract management of both entities from ongoing business operations or cause them to incur substantial costs, the risk that problems may arise in successfully integrating the businesses of the companies, which may result in the combined company not operating as effectively and efficiently as expected, the risk that the combined company may be unable to achieve synergies or it may take longer than expected to achieve those synergies and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. All such factors are difficult to predict and are beyond Denbury's or Penn Virginia's control, including those detailed in Denbury's annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K that are available on its website at www.denbury.com and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov, and those detailed in Penn Virginia's annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K that are available on Penn Virginia's website at www.pennvirginia.com and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Denbury or Penn Virginia believe to be reasonable but that may not prove to be accurate. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and Denbury and Penn Virginia undertake no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Denbury and Penn Virginia Announce Deadline for Election of Form of Merger Consideration"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/kenshoo-launches-strategic-alliance-with-omnicom-media-group-in-emea-region-to-create-digital-centers-of-excellence-2019-03-20-9184302": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:30 a.m. ET", "article": "London, March 20, Mar 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- London, March 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kenshoo (www.Kenshoo.com), a global leading marketing technology platform, and global media network Omnicom Media Group today announce a partnership in the EMEA region (Europe, the Middle East and Africa) to create Digital Centers of Excellence (DCOEs). Through this relationship, the two companies will jointly develop research, campaign auditing and retail immersion workshops, as well as collaborate on employee training and accreditation to improve performance across the most engaging digital advertising channels. The DCOEs will deliver meaningful results for clients by offering access to alpha and beta programs, retail playbooks and joint product roadmaps, while ensuring their campaigns benefit from the advantages of centralized, cross-channel management buoyed by data science technology and key personnel from both companies.\n\nThe DCOEs are designed to help agencies and marketers yield insights and efficiencies across three premium and fast-growing digital advertising channels - search, social and e-commerce advertising, supporting the need to manage complex, multi-channel campaigns in unison even amid siloed organizational structures. Marketers consider Kenshoo's software the gold standard for solving this challenge and benefit from improved in-channel performance from cross-channel signals and intelligence.\n\n\"At Omnicom Media Group we are delighted to have entered into a strategic alliance with Kenshoo across all of EMEA to ensure we can co-create the most effective media experiences across Amazon, Google and Facebook that help our clients reach their core audience to deliver sales growth at scale,\" says Gemma Spence, CEO Ecommerce EMEA at Omnicom Media Group. \"This partnership allows both Omnicom and Kenshoo to push the boundaries within the eCommerce space through joint research into new purchase behaviours and habits whilst also co-creating new tools, systems and applications that help our clients gain actionable insights that can be deployed across their entire business. Our joint goal is to help our clients retain and acquire customers along the value chain and ensure insights can be pushed upstream to improve business performance.\"\n\n\"We have already seen unprecedented business growth amongst our mutual clients when we apply some of the best practices the two organisations have built,\" says Matt Vignieri, Managing Director at Kenshoo EMEA. \"OMG and Kenshoo will continue to build upon this success and deliver additional value to clients across Search, Social and eCommerce through our DCOEs.\"\n\nThese new DCOEs will benefit organizations throughout Omnicom Media Group, including the full-service media networks OMD, PHD and Hearts & Science as well as a number of specialty media communications companies.\n\nAbout KenshooKenshoo's is the leading technology platform for brands looking to plan, activate and amplify effective marketing across the most-engaging digital channels. Kenshoo offers the only marketing solution that provides data-driven insights and optimization technology to help make informed decisions and scale performance across Google, Facebook, Bing, Pinterest, Snapchat, Instagram, Amazon, Apple, Yahoo, Yandex, Yahoo Japan, and Baidu. Kenshoo's machine-learning algorithms and cutting-edge AI enable companies to predict and keep in-step with the ever-changing consumer journey. With 27 international locations and backed by Sequoia Capital, Arts Alliance, Tenaya Capital, and Bain Capital Ventures, Kenshoo generates over $350 billion in annualized revenue for the world's top brands. Please visit Kenshoo.com for more information.Kenshoo brand and product names are trademarks of Kenshoo Ltd. Other company and brand names may be trademarks of their respective owners.About Omnicom Group Inc. Omnicom Group (www.omnicomgroup.com) is a leading global marketing and corporate communications company. Omnicom's branded networks and numerous specialty firms provide advertising, strategic media planning and buying, digital and interactive marketing, direct and promotional marketing, public relations and other specialty communications services to over 5,000 clients in more than 100 countries. Follow us on Twitter for the latest news.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Kenshoo Launches Strategic Alliance with Omnicom Media Group in EMEA Region to Create Digital Centers of Excellence"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/mouser-electronics-named-distributor-of-the-year-by-amphenol-sv-microwave-2019-03-06": {"date": "Mar 6, 2019 11:20 a.m. ET", "article": "Mouser Electronics, Inc., the industry's leading New Product Introduction (NPI) distributor with the widest selection of semiconductors and electronic components, has been named 2018 Distributor of the Year by Amphenol SV Microwave, a leader in the radio frequency (RF) microwave industry. Mouser carries a full line of Amphenol SV Microwave RF connectors and cable assemblies.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190306005128/en/The Distributor of the Year award recognizes Mouser for continued growth in customer counts and POS, NPI investments, and technology and innovation advancements. SV Microwave also lauded Mouser for continued focus on mindshare and best practice improvements.\u201cCongratulations to Mouser Electronics on this well-deserved award,\u201d said Andrew Dinsdale, Director of Marketing, Amphenol SV Microwave. \u201cAmphenol SV Microwave and Mouser enjoy a strategic partnership, and we are pleased to recognize the Mouser team for their exceptional work.\u201d\u201cWe are honored to receive this award and thank Amphenol SV Microwave for the recognition,\u201d said Krystal Jackson, Mouser Vice President of Supplier Management. \u201cAmphenol SV Microwave is a valued partner, and we look forward to many years of continued success.\u201dIn the past ten years, Mouser has received several awards from Amphenol Corporation and its subsidiaries. In 2016, Amphenol SV Microwave presented Mouser with the Business Development Award. Mouser received Amphenol Corporation\u2019s 2015 Best Global Performance Award in conjunction with TTI, as well as the Distributor of the Year Award from Amphenol Industrial, after being honored with Amphenol Corporation\u2019s Global Excellence Award in 2014. In 2013, Mouser was recognized globally with the Amphenol Corporation Global Partnership Award for Distributor Excellence and was named the 2013 Distributor of the Year by Amphenol Industrial.To learn more about the range of Amphenol SV Microwave products available from Mouser Electronics, visit www.mouser.com/svmicrowave.With its broad product line and unsurpassed customer service, Mouser strives to empower innovation among design engineers and buyers by delivering advanced technologies. Mouser stocks the world\u2019s widest selection of the latest semiconductors and electronic components for the newest design projects. Mouser Electronics\u2019 website is continually updated and offers advanced search methods to help customers quickly locate inventory. Mouser.com also houses data sheets, supplier-specific reference designs, application notes, technical design information, and engineering tools.About Mouser ElectronicsMouser Electronics, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is an award-winning, authorized semiconductor and electronic component distributor focused on rapid New Product Introductions from its manufacturing partners for electronic design engineers and buyers. The global distributor\u2019s website, Mouser.com, is available in multiple languages and currencies and features more than 5 million products from over 750 manufacturers. Mouser offers 23 support locations around the world to provide best-in-class customer service and ships globally to over 600,000 customers in more than 220 countries/territories from its 750,000 sq. ft. state-of-the-art facility south of Dallas, Texas. For more information, visit www.mouser.com.TrademarksMouser and Mouser Electronics are registered trademarks of Mouser Electronics, Inc. All other products, logos, and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190306005128/en/SOURCE: Mouser Electronics, Inc.\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@MouserElecFor further information, contact:\nKevin Hess, Mouser Electronics\nSenior Vice President of Marketing\n(817) 804-3833\nKevin.Hess@mouser.com\nFor press inquiries, contact:\nKelly DeGarmo, Mouser Electronics\nCorporate Communications & Media Relations Manager\n(817) 804-7764\nKelly.DeGarmo@mouser.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Mouser Electronics Named Distributor of the Year by Amphenol SV Microwave"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/2019-apple-mac-rescuecom-computer-repair-report-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 8:32 a.m. ET", "article": "SYRACUSE, N.Y., March 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Apple computers and the MacOS are widely thought of to cause very few problems for the millions of people who use them.However, Apple computers suffer some of the very same problems as those with Windows, what unique issues might you potentially have to deal with at some point?The most common problem with the MacOS and Apple computers is startup difficulty. This typically involved the computer failing to start up properly, leaving users with nothing more than a blank screen or in some cases a gray startup screen rather than their desktop. The best option in these cases is to boot up in Safe Mode. The computer will automatically start with the bare minimum software and drivers needed to run. It will then run a diagnostic check and repair any software issues causing the problem.Apple users can sometimes face the \"White Screen of Death\" or the spinning beach ball when processes or apps freeze. When the computer is frozen in this white screen, it will be unusable until it is restarted. The fix for this is simple: upon restarting, open the OS X utilities menu using the option and R keys. From there, you can use disk utility (\"repair disk\"), and the problem is solved. For the spinning beach ball, you can use your activity monitor to force programs using too much memory to quit.Another issue affecting Mac and Apple users is caused by apps which are incompatible with MacOS automatically opening upon startup but causing problems because of their incompatibility. This can cause your computer to fail to boot up. The only way to find out what app is causing the problem without professional tech support is to check the startup disk in utilities. Interestingly, it is not at all difficult to find the culprit, as your computer will automatically move all such software into a folder labeled \"Incompatible Software\" on your startup disk. You can then choose to simply delete it if it is not important to you, or you can find an updated version on the Apple store to download.There are a few more, much smaller issues, Apple computers using the MacOS can run into as well as the larger problems above. An app may freeze, causing you to be unable to do anything include closing it. You can force the app to quit using the Command-Option-Escape key combination. A Mac may sometimes quit connecting to your regular Internet network for seemingly no reason, and you can almost always solve this by going into your network settings, forgetting your network, and then reconnecting again.If you have an issue due to faulty hardware, Apple provides a diagnostic suite to test and fix them. This is the Apple Hardware Test for older models and Apple Diagnostics for any computers built in 2013 or later. You can access both by holding the D key after restarting.MacOS issues and those caused by Mac apps thus far this year are the two least common issues calling for Mac computer repair.Media Contact:\nDavid Milman\n210308@email4pr.com \n315-882-1100View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/2019-apple--mac-rescuecom-computer-repair-report-300813117.htmlSOURCE RESCUECOMCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "2019 Apple / Mac RESCUECOM Computer Repair Report"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-infringed-on-qualcomm-patents-and-iphones-should-face-import-ban-judge-rules-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 7:11 a.m. ET", "article": "A U.S. administrative-law judge believes that Apple Inc. infringed a Qualcomm Inc. patent and that certain iPhone models should be banned from entering the U.S., according to a ruling issued Tuesday, but a final ruling from the International Trade Commission in a separate case went Apple\u2019s way.Judge MaryJoan McNamara said in a notice of initial determination Tuesday that Apple AAPL, +1.02%  infringed on a single aspect of one of three patents involved in the dispute, one of two that Apple and Qualcomm QCOM, -2.41%  have in front of the U.S. International Trade Commission. McNamara suggested a \u201climited exclusion order together with a cease and desist order,\u201d which would place an import ban on certain iPhones, mostly older models.The ruling and recommendation of an import ban goes against ITC staff\u2019s recommendations in the case, and the decision now could rest with the full commission, which would push a final ruling months into the future.Opinion: Apple leaves a lot of questions about its subscription services unanswered\u201cWe appreciate Judge McNamara\u2019s recognition of Apple\u2019s infringement of our hardware patent and that she will be recommending an import ban and cease and desist order,\u201d Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg said in a statement. Apple did not respond to requests for comment on that decision.An earlier fight between Apple and Qualcomm ended in Apple\u2019s favor Tuesday after a full commission inquiry. The commission agreed with the initial determination that two patents were not infringed, and said that the use of the term \u201chold\u201d in the patent worked for Apple\u2019s case. The commission\u2019s ruling in Apple\u2019s favor was issued nearly six months after the initial determination was issued, and more than four months after the full commission elected to examine the case, which could provide a rough timeline for the second case now in front of the ITC.\u201cWe\u2019re pleased the ITC has found Qualcomm\u2019s latest patent claims invalid, it\u2019s another important step to making sure American companies are able to compete fairly in the marketplace,\u201d an Apple spokesman said in response to the later decision, adding, \u201cwe look forward to detailing the many ways they\u2019re harming consumers and stifling innovation when we present our case in San Diego next month.\u201d Qualcomm did not respond to a request for comment on the loss.The cases are part of a worldwide fight between the chip maker and smartphone manufacturer, which began replacing certain Qualcomm components with parts made by Intel Corp. INTC, -0.03%  Qualcomm claims that Apple devices infringe on its patents, and Apple largely fights back with claims that Qualcomm charges exorbitant royalty fees on patents that are essential to its business. Qualcomm appears to have momentum in the U.S. side of the fight, winning a jury trial in its hometown of San Diego earlier this month; further fights in San Diego await, as do court and regulatory battles outside the U.S.Qualcomm stock received a boost after the news first hit just before 2 p.m. Eastern time Tuesday, and ended the trading day up 2.4%. Apple shares, which had been trading slightly higher despite mixed reviews from its subscription-services event on Monday, swung to a loss and closed 1% lower.Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Tech Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple and Qualcomm each get a win in federal patent rulings"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amify-secures-58m-series-a-funding-empowers-brands-to-maximize-their-amazon-e-commerce-potential-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 7:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Amify, a turnkey solution for brands seeking to maximize their selling potential on Amazon, has announced $5.8 million in Series A funding led by Mercury Fund. Additional investors in the round include Dundee Venture Capital, CincyTech, SaaS Venture Capital and Capital One Co-Founder Nigel Morris.The infusion of capital will be utilized to increase recruiting efforts to broaden the senior-level management team, expand marketing and branding initiatives and to further develop its proprietary next-gen data insights platform for brands to derive insights on the Amazon Marketplace. The company is also finalizing logistics for a formal opening of a second office in Cincinnati in close proximity to the Amazon Prime Air Hub at the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport.\u201cAmazon represents nearly half of the entire e-commerce market\u2014and growing,\u201d said Ethan McAfee, Founder and CEO of Amify. \u201cBrands that want to win online need a strong e-commerce strategy for the Amazon Marketplace, from product page enhancements to inventory management. This funding marks the next chapter in our tremendous growth, and we are proud to have assembled a powerhouse group of investors with a strong track record of data-centric innovation and retail industry expertise.\u201dBootstrapping to the Market Leader on AmazonLed by McAfee, Amify has sold more than $100 million on Amazon for its customers since its bootstrapped inception and has empowered over 1,000 brands across a wide spectrum of consumer goods vertical industries with a unified solution to amplify their brand presence. Now armed with venture capital funding to amplify its technology innovation and management teams, brands can team with the market leader to build a cohesive strategy on sales acceleration, brand standards optimization, pricing, supply chain logistics and unauthorized seller and UPP protection.Collectively, Amify enters this new phase as the most advanced provider in the industry and is poised for exponential growth. Strategically located near the Amazon HQ2 currently in development outside of Washington D.C., and with a new location in Cincinnati, home of the Amazon Prime Air Hub, Amify is well positioned to harness the regional talent workforce and broader ecommerce ecosystem potential.With a 49.1 percent market share in the United States, Amazon dominates U.S. internet retail market, including 54 percent of online product searches, and gross sales growing 39 percent between 2017-2018, for a total of $463 billion in total sales. Despite this massive market opportunity, the overall ecosystem of managed service providers is still nascent.\u201cEthan is one of the most impressive entrepreneurs we have invested in,\u201d said Blair Garrou, Managing Partner at Mercury Fund. \u201cMercury believes that tech-enabled providers, like Amify, have great growth potential by providing brands the ability to scale product sales and manage brand equity within the Amazon Marketplace. What set Amify apart was their expertise in understanding the needs of every aspect of a brand\u2019s Amazon strategy, as evidenced by their explosive growth over the past few years. We are excited to be their partner as they build on their foundation as an innovator in e-commerce managed marketplaces.\u201dAdditional Investor Perspectives on Amify Series A Funding Round\u201cOne thing that we love to invest in is a market leader that really knows their space inside and out,\u201d said Mark Hasebroock, Managing Partner at Dundee Venture Capital. \u201cFrom humble beginnings of selling pickleball paddles out of his home, Ethan has lived and breathed the Amazon Marketplace for the last 15 years. He truly knows what works and why and has built a team and service around that knowledge that, frankly, is difficult to beat. If I am a brand\u2014I want and need Amify and its services.\u201d\u201cWe believe great companies often capitalize on market tailwinds,\u201d said Collin Gutman, Managing Partner at SaaS Ventures. \u201cAmazon defines e-commerce and brands today need to navigate Amazon in order to be successful. Amify will be a must-have tool that allows brands to win in the Amazon channel.\u201d\u201cWe\u2019re excited to support a sharp entrepreneur who\u2019s built a leading business in an emerging market,\u201d said Doug Groh, Director at CincyTech. \u201cAmify has strong growth potential and significant job creation planned in Cincinnati.\u201dAbout Mercury FundMercury Fund is an early-stage venture capital firm based in Houston, Texas and Ann Arbor, Michigan. With over $275 million under management, Mercury focuses on entrepreneurs and technology innovation originating in the U.S. Midcontinent. Our investment themes target SaaS, Cloud, and Data Science/AI platforms that make the industrial ecosystems of Middle America more competitive and efficient. For more information, please visit http://mercuryfund.com/.About AmifyAmify, a venture-backed two-time Inc 500 award winner, offers a turnkey solution that allows brands to maximize their potential on the Amazon marketplace. Using an end-to-end strategy, Amify has partnered with over 1,000 brands and accrued over $100 million in sales on Amazon. Amify\u2019s customized strategies help brands adapt to the ever-changing Amazon landscape. Industry expertise and a data-driven approach power a complete solution that includes account management, brand protection, sales acceleration and content enhancement. For more information, please visit https://goamify.com/.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190321005223/en/SOURCE: AmifyLaura Asendio\nTreble\n512-960-8222\namify@treblepr.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Amify Secures $5.8M Series A Funding, Empowers Brands to Maximize their Amazon E-Commerce Potential"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/mesirow-financial-hires-melissa-bean-as-ceo-and-president-of-wealth-advisors-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 10:15 a.m. ET", "article": "Business and Civic Leader to Help Grow Flagship Advisory BusinessCHICAGO, March 14, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Mesirow Financial announced the appointment of Melissa Bean as CEO and President of Mesirow Wealth Advisors, effective April 8, 2019. Bean will lead Mesirow's flagship wealth business, which has a long-standing reputation of client and community service built on strong relationships and independent advice. The business has been headquartered in Chicago for over 80 years. Mesirow Wealth Advisors will leverage Bean's leadership and management experience from private and public sectors, as well as non-profit organizations, including her deep relationships in the Midwest and Washington, D.C. markets. Bean joins Mesirow from JPMorgan Chase, where she served as Chairman of the Midwest. She succeeds Lee Gordon, who will transition to Chairman of Mesirow Wealth Advisors.\"Melissa's management style and her record as a well-respected business and civic leader will provide the continued emphasis for innovation and collaboration that will be key to strategically growing our business over the next decade of private investing,\" said Dominick Mondi, President and CEO of Mesirow Financial. \"We are grateful to Lee for his accomplishments at Mesirow Wealth Advisors over the past 27 years, and we will continue to rely on his counsel and contributions.\"The team at Wealth Advisors is focused on delivering tailored solutions to meet the unique financial and legacy planning needs of clients, while investing to make a difference in the communities in which they operate.\"I'm excited to join Mesirow's experienced wealth management team and look forward to building upon its strong reputation of providing dedicated service and unique client value,\" said Melissa Bean. \"Mesirow's collaborative culture drives success, with an emphasis on optimizing the client experience with engaged, empowered and entrepreneurial teams.\"Bean will report into Mondi directly and will coordinate closely with Gordon to ensure a smooth transition of leadership at Wealth Advisors.Most recently, Bean served as Vice Chairman and Chairman of the Midwest of JPMorgan Chase. As senior market executive across all lines of business, she worked to strengthen client, partner, and government relationships, and chaired the Midwest Operating Committee. Before JPMorgan Chase, Bean was CEO of the Executives' Club of Chicago, following her tenure in public service. Bean was elected in 2004, and served three terms in the U.S. Congress, (IL-08), where she was known by Congressional colleagues, the White House, and the business community, as a results-oriented, non-partisan leader. She led the task force that wrote key provisions of Dodd-Frank (to protect investors without stifling market growth), and co-authored the 2010 Small Business Lending Act, business tax credits in the GROW Act, and the SAFER NET Internet Child Safety Act; all were signed into law by Presidents Bush and Obama. Prior to Congress, Bean served 20 years in executive roles in the technology industry, namely, Arrow Electronics, Motorola, and SynOptics, and founder of SRI, where she developed successful sales and operations teams.Bean received her Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and Doctor of Humane Letters, Honoris Causa, from Roosevelt University.About Mesirow Financial Mesirow Financial is an independent, employee-owned firm founded in 1937. As specialists in investment, risk management and advisory services, we are committed to helping our institutional, corporate and individual clients achieve their specific objectives. Our professionals are inspired by an entrepreneurial desire to develop tailored solutions designed to deliver measurable results. Mesirow Financial has $27.9 billion in assets under management, and an additional $87.6 billion in currency risk management assets as of December 31, 2018. In addition, Mesirow Financial has $30.3 billion in assets under advisory in fiduciary services. Mesirow Wealth Advisors is a Registered Investment Advisor with the SEC. Recognizing that every individual and family is unique, Mesirow Wealth Advisors is committed to helping clients manage the financial decisions that support their most important life decisions. To learn more about our tailored wealth management services, please visit mesirowfinancial.com.Mesirow Financial has been recently named best places to work in Chicago by Crain's Chicago Business and the Chicago Tribune. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mesirow-financial-hires-melissa-bean-as-ceo-and-president-of-wealth-advisors-300812534.htmlSOURCE Mesirow FinancialCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Mesirow Financial Hires Melissa Bean as CEO and President of Wealth Advisors"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/gate-mobile-wallet-trends-annual-report-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 10:00 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 27, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- GATE (Global Acceptance Transaction Engine), a virtual card issuing platform solving one of the most significant challenges that alternative payments, banks and e-wallet companies face \u2013 the universal acceptance of payments across physical, online and mobile channels, released its Mobile Wallet Trends Annual Report. The report highlights trends of both mobile wallet and mobile payment usage across global markets.Mobile wallets are still in early development in most countries, where some areas are starting to see an uptick in success. Worldwide, 2.07 billion consumers will use a mobile wallet to make a purchase in 2019; this is up nearly 30 percent from the 1.6 billion consumers recorded at the end of 2017. China is currently the largest adopter of mobile payments, but other countries are starting to catch up.\"Trends in the ecosystem have clearly shown China leading the adaption of wallets such as Alipay and WeChat, with QR codes playing a crucial role in their growth. However, the usage abroad for these wallets seems hampered via the lack of QR acceptance points, as NFC remains the method of choice for the Western world. Technologies such as GATE could actually solve this problem, as it would allow Alipay or WeChat to enable NFC acceptance globally without any merchant integration, allowing them to become the most versatile payment methods on the planet,\" said Mark Gerban, chief commercial officer of GATE.India has also seen increases in mobile payment usage due to governmental demonetization and the African market has seen strong growth as well due to factors such as low barriers to market entry.Despite the growth seen in these regions, other markets will need to consider several factors to also become key players in the mobile payment industry, such as:\u00b7       Growth Opportunities: generational differences greatly influence payment mechanisms, as well as the availability of technology\u00b7       Online Merchant Needs: fraud reduction and compliance regulations, which vary from country to country, play a role in the creation of new payment mechanisms\u00b7       Offline Merchant Needs: increased efficiency, cost savings to the merchant and increased customer loyalty are all benefits to entering the mobile payment spaceThe report goes on to highlight the potential mobile wallets represent to the globally underbanked population. Over 1.7 billion adults (21 percent of the world's total population) do not have access to a traditional bank account. A billion of these adults do have access to a mobile phone, though, and are potential customers for mobile wallets.Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and Google Pay have entered the market in recent years and have started seeing some success. However, their growth is hindered by limitations such as:\u00b7       Apple Pay: product works only on Apple hardware, which brought about the creation of Apple Card\u00b7       Samsung Pay: only a limited number of flagship devices are currently enabled and requires internet connectivity to function on a long-term basis\u00b7       Google Pay: requires internet connectivity to function on a long-term basis, which can limit growth in certain markets such as India and Africa, traditionally Android-dominated marketsApple, Google and Samsung have invested heavily in proprietary wallets, but revenue is still small. Hardware stickiness and loyalty seem to be the greatest value propositions for these mobile wallets, but long-term data is needed to confirm this assumption. Larger companies such as Walmart and Amazon, however, have seen success with their payment apps by improving their customer experience and, therefore, their loyalty. Continuous customer engagement seems to be an area of high potential success, evidenced by companies with outstanding user experiences, such as Uber.\"Payments is a critical part of the value chain that allows for continuous customer engagement. As we have seen with many types of e-wallets and mobile payment systems, offering a relevant payment experience for specific cohorts will help uptick activity and brand loyalty. This ultimately leads to higher customer satisfaction, increased revenue and a better product experience,\" added Gerban.Mobile wallets may still be in their infancy in many countries, but the use of technology and features that improve user experience will drive higher adoption and engagement.To view the report in its entirety, please visit  https://www.poweredbygate.com/gate-mobile-wallet-trends-final-03-26-19/.About GATEGATE (Global Acceptance Transaction Engine) has created a virtual credit card issuing infrastructure for alternative payments, banking apps and e-wallets. Unlike other platforms, GATE generates a one-time-use card number for each transaction and never requires internet connectivity for end consumers to make payments. This allows for greater security on mobile devices and backend systems while protecting original payment details, even if an external merchant is actively being breached.GATE has the added ability to enable online payments to work in offline scenarios, such as contactless (NFC) payments. This brings the added benefit of interoperability, where any payment method can be accepted on 112 million NFC terminals worldwide without merchant integration.Headquartered in the Greater New York City area, GATE launched in beta in 2017. For more information, visit www.poweredbygate.com.Related FilesGATE Mobile Wallet Trends Annual Report.pdfRelated Imagescompany-logo.png\nCompany LogoRelated LinksCompany WebsiteView original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gate-mobile-wallet-trends-annual-report-300819195.htmlSOURCE GATECopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "GATE Mobile Wallet Trends Annual Report"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-investors-need-to-shift-from-wall-street-to-this-growth-haven-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 9:40 a.m. ET", "article": "A pretty upbeat week for stocks could end on a sour note thanks to our pals in Europe.Just a day after a rally for Wall Street, Germany dimmed the lights on global growth with the worst manufacturing purchasing managers index numbers in nearly 7 years on Friday. The reaction was instant, with risky assets everywhere taking a hit and the yield on the 10-year German bond careened to zero.\u201cIt\u2019s unusual to see such a widespread response to a piece of data like this but we have to remember that this is not a domestic problem. Germany may be impacted in an disproportionate way because of the size of its manufacturing sector but the causes of the contraction are global,\u201d Craig Erlam, senior market analyst with Oanda, told MarketWatch.Here\u2019s what Fed Chairman Jerome Powell had to say about the region at this week\u2019s meeting: \u201cIn Europe...we see some weakening, but, again...we don\u2019t see recession, and we do see positive growth still.\u201dHow nervous should investors be? As BlackRock\u2019s chief equity strategist Kate Moore told this column earlier in the week, it\u2019s an area that U.S. investors want to watch closely, because a slowdown there will hit American companies with global operations.So with the jury out on U.S. growth and Europe clearly in trouble, who should investors turn to? Our call of the day from Saxo Bank\u2019s Steen Jakobsen advises investors to diversify beyond U.S. shores this year to that trade friend/foe China, which has been pushing hard to keep its own global engine from stalling.Jakobsen told clients in a note that while a new highs for Wall Street may still be on the cards, investors should \u201cslowly change overweight to China vs. U.S.\u201d That\u2019s largely because 2019 for China is shaping up to look like what much of 2018 was for America, when Wall Street were stocks powered by $1 trillion worth of tax-reform fueled buybacks, he says.\u201cChina and its growth model now needs to share its burden of becoming an industrialized country, and it knows that only treating investors well will keep the capital flowing in 2019,\u201d he said.And as the Chinese government tells its 90 million domestic retail investors to boost allocation to stocks, those elsewhere such as in the U.S. will also need to boost that as capital markets are reweighted later this year.Last word goes to Pimco, which also made some upbeat noises on China in a blog on its website Friday. With that country upping the ante on stimulus this year and a trade deal with the U.S. in the making, \u201cthere\u2019s a good chance global growth will stabilize or even pick up moderately this year,\u201d said the home to the world\u2019s biggest bond fund.\u201cThe slowdown of global growth over the past year despite massive fiscal stimulus in the U.S. and still-supportive monetary policies in the advanced economies illustrates that, more than ever, China is a key driver of the global cycle,\u201d said Pimco.Opinion: The Fed\u2019s total capitulation is a bad omen for the stock marketThe Nasdaq COMP, -0.19% Dow DJIA, +0.02%  and S&P 500 SPX, -0.08% are off to a weaker start, catching a cold from Europe. More coverage in Market SnapshotRead: Here\u2019s how the Mueller report could roil the stock marketThe euro EURUSD, -0.0888%  is down pretty sharply, driving up the dollar DXY, +0.06% while the pound GBPUSD, +0.0303%  inched higher after news the EU gave U.K. PM Theresa May a two-week extension on Brexit.Gold US:GCU8 has been getting some bids, while crude US:CLU8 is down sharply.Europe stocks SXXP, +0.38%  are obviously down, while Asian equities had a mixed session, with no big moves.Our chart of the day offers a look at the ripple effect of the weak Europe data this morning. Here\u2019s the yield on German government\u2019s 10-year bond TMBMKDE-10Y, -392.70% or the bund, dropping below 0% for the first time in two years. Yields fall as prices rise. Elsewhere, the 10-year Treasury note yield TMUBMUSD10Y, -1.97%   has hit a fresh 15-month low at 2.490% this morning.Nike NKE, -0.59%  is down after warning of slower growth ahead, while Tiffany TIF, +1.46%  is getting hit by disappointing results. Hibbett Sports HIBB, +1.36%  is soaring as earnings blew out forecasts.Calling all workers. Tesla TSLA, +0.88%  CEO Elon Musk is trying to rally his troops to help deliver 30,000 new cars by end March. The electric-car maker has also rebooted its customer-referral program.At a seemingly prime time for IPOs, with Levi LEVI, +0.77%  off to a gangbuster start Thursday, Pinterest has sped up the timing of its own offering, say sources.China\u2019s Tencent 0700, +0.91%  sees worst-ever 32% drop in quarterly profits, plans international rollout of videogames.Garuda Indonesia becomes the first airline to publicly confirm plans to cancel an order for 49 BA, -0.19%  37 MAX jets, involved in two deadline crashes in recent months.Facebook FB, +0.10%  CEO Mark Zuckerberg looks increasingly lonely at the top.To close out the week, we\u2019ll get the flash Markit PMI for March, exiting home sales for February and the Federal budget deficit later.Read: Trump reportedly considering Stephen Moore, Herman Cain for Fed boardDozens killed after chemical plant blast in eastern ChinaWhy no one\u2019s laughing at your Apple earpods anymoreNew Zealand women don headscarves to mark one-week since deadly terrorist attack on mosquesRep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez says nematodes and Trump have something in commonMeanwhile, AOC and Hillary Clinton bonded on Twitter over 2016 presidential race complaintsCollege is full of rich kids, but so is CongressNeed to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Why investors need to shift from Wall Street to this growth haven"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/mission-enables-your-call-football-to-successfully-deploy-high-volume-mobile-app-in-aws-with-kubernetes-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "LOS ANGELES, March 27, Mar 27, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- LOS ANGELES, March 27, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Mission, a managed services and consulting company for Amazon Web Services (AWS), today announced a successful engagement with Your Call Football - in conjunction with Cantina Consulting - to support the launch and ongoing development and optimization of the high-traffic mobile application.Your Call Football (YCF) provides a wholly unique football experience in which fans call plays in real-time by voting through its mobile app, and then see the play with the most votes run on the field by players in a live game. The company employs former NFL coaches and players, and YCF coaches package up their plays into a 'digital call sheet.' On every down and distance, the coaches select a 'bundle' of three plays to send to the fans via AWS. The engaging and patented YCF technology awards points (and cash prizes) to fans based on how their called plays performed, and updates these scores in head-to-head, league, and overall season leaderboard competitions in real-time via the app.After Your Call Football tapped Cantina Consulting to build its architecture, application, and game logic, Cantina brought on Mission for help tackling the app's cloud infrastructure requirements. Critically, YCF needed to ensure that 100,000 concurrent fans could reliably use the app during the weekly traffic surges when games are played (while seeing minimal traffic otherwise). To make things more challenging, the app's users all vote for plays via the YCF app during the same 10-second windows - with up to 100 such windows per game - creating intense bursts of usage. Any lag, service delay, or timed-out request could cause a vote to go uncounted, jeopardizing the fan experience and chances to win prize money.To ensure a highly available app that would perform consistently, Mission began by implementing Terraform for infrastructure-as-code, and used it to quickly deploy infrastructure to YCF's AWS environment. Importantly, this included Kubernetes as its solution for container management and scaling. Mission also leveraged Amazon RDS as a powerful cloud database solution appropriate for YCF's performance needs, and Amazon ElastiCache for seamless deployment of in-memory data across thousands of users at once - enabling the app to run smoothly during high-volume voting activity. Mission also built an elastic load balancing system to prepare load balancers ahead of these load spikes, further supporting smooth user experiences.With Mission's Kubernetes-with-AWS implementation and other strategic cloud solutions in place, YCF's AWS environment is optimized for speed and performance, and continues to deliver an experience to football fans unlike anything else. YCF intends to continue to leverage Mission's cloud expertise and support as it scales with upcoming seasons.\"As innovators striving to execute Your Call Football's exciting and truly unprecedented concept, we needed absolutely trustworthy cloud experts supporting and helping build our infrastructure,\" said Julie Meringer, President, Your Call Football. \"With as many moving parts as Your Call Football has - from the live games to the backend to the app in the hands of fans - everything must work correctly, and the fan experience is everything. Mission has been incredible in making sure what we provide our fans is exactly as intended.\"\"AWS and Kubernetes are immensely powerful technologies and very well-suited to meeting the scalability needs of a high-demand application like Your Call Football,\" said Jonathan LaCour, CTO, Mission. \"We're proud of the work we've done to implement and optimize the cloud infrastructure behind YCF's mobile game experience, and look forward to continuing to execute on best practices to its cloud environment for many seasons to come.\"Customers can connect with Mission and explore its offerings - including free on-demand consultations with AWS-certified solutions architects - at missioncloud.comAbout MissionMission is a trusted managed services provider and consulting partner for businesses using - or migrating to - Amazon Web Services (AWS). Through its dedicated team of expert cloud operations professionals and solutions architects, Mission delivers a unique breadth and depth of AWS-recognized technical and strategic proficiencies. Mission combines this know-how with an anything-is-possible belief in the power of cloud transformation through AWS, and a dedication to understanding and solving customers' individual goals and challenges - enabling their development of new and powerful applications running on the AWS Cloud. Follow Mission on Twitter and LinkedIn.About Your Call, Inc.\nBased in Newton, Mass., Your Call Inc. puts fans in control of live games, transforming spectator sports into interactive, social and competitive experiences, a concept originated by industry luminary George F. Colony in 2013. Privately held, the company's leadership team is comprised of executives from the technology, digital and sports industries. Your Call Inc.'s proprietary, patented technology delivered a fan-controlled, live sports experience, Your Call Football, in 2018. For more information, visit www.yourcallfootball.com.Media Contacts:Kyle Peterson -- Clement | Peterson for Mission\nkyle@clementpeterson.comCaitlin Snider -- CTP for Your Call Football\ncsnider@ctpboston.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Mission Enables Your Call Football to Successfully Deploy High-Volume Mobile App in AWS with Kubernetes"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/a-scenario-for-new-us-stock-market-highs-is-developing-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 9:59 a.m. ET", "article": "This article is in response to emails I\u2019m getting from investors who are trying hard not to panic in the face of fear mongering related to the inverted yield curve and economic data.What\u2019s important to note is that investors ought to be aware that a potential scenario for new highs in the stock market is developing.The foundation of traditional technical analysis is that all known information is reflected in the chart of the stock market. There are strong reasons to disagree with that hypothesis; nonetheless, there is significant merit to look at the charts even for those who do not believe in technical analysis. This is especially true at this time, when there is a dichotomy between fear mongering on one hand and bullishness on the other. Let us explore with the help of a chart.Read: Why an inverted yield curve doesn\u2019t mean investors should immediately sell stocksPlease click here for an annotated chart of S&P 500 ETF SPY, -0.16% For the sake of full transparency, this is the same chart that was previously published without any changes. Please note the following:\u2022 The leading economic indicators from across the globe are a cause for a big concern for the stock market.\u2022 The inverted yield curve merits careful watching.\u2022 Considering that the bull market is long in the tooth, concern about the stock market is justified.\u2022 On the positive side, central banks across the world are pursuing monetary policies that should put a floor under the stock market.\u2022 A situation is developing that may prompt the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates.\u2022 Under that scenario, as the rumors of a possible Fed rate cut spreads, a short squeeze can easily develop. If a short squeeze develops, the stock market can penetrate the resistance shown on the chart and go to new highs.\u2022 The chart shows the support zone.\u2022 From a longer-term perspective, until the support zone shown on the chart is penetrated, there is not a strong bear case for the stock market from a technical perspective.\u2022 Semiconductor stocks such as Micron Technology MU, -1.77% AMD AMD, -2.34% Intel INTC, -0.02% and Applied Materials AMAT, -1.14% may be a combined leading indicator at this time.\u2022 Semiconductor stocks are ignoring poor fundamental data. This behavior often leads to a new \u201cup\u201d leg. A new up leg in semiconductor stocks may be the start of a push for the stock market to new highs.\u2022 Large-cap tech stocks such as Apple AAPL, +0.99% Amazon AMZN, -0.32% Facebook FB, +0.33% and Microsoft MSFT, -0.41% are also acting like they want to go higher and take the stock market to new highs.\u2022 Speculative sentiment is there to support a march by the stock market to new highs. This is evident from marijuana stocks. For example, New Jersey canceled a vote for legalization of marijuana due to lack of support from the lawmakers in spite of massive lobbying. Did it hit marijuana stocks in a big way? No. There have been poor earnings from the likes of Cronos CRON, -7.71% Canopy Growth CGC, -2.20% Aurora Cannabis ACB, -3.38% and Tilray TLRY, -1.70% In theory these stocks should have fallen, but they have not. This is an indication of speculative sentiment that extends beyond marijuana stocks.\u2022 For more analysis on this chart, please see \u201cTrump\u2019s Mueller victory, the yield curve and slowing growth \u2014 here\u2019s how to navigate the stock market.\u201dAsk Arora: Nigam Arora answers your questions about investing in stocks, ETFs, bonds, gold and silver, oil and currencies. Have a question? Send it to Nigam Arora.Price action is contrary to the economic indicators. Under these circumstances, it is advisable to stay the course in a strategic sense but be tactical. In a strategic sense, The Arora Report recommendation is to hold good long-term positions but also hold a fair amount of cash and hedges.In a tactical sense, consider diversifying with short-term trades and focusing on evergreen strategies as opportunities arise. Please see \u201cHere\u2019s an evergreen strategy to make money in a volatile stock market.\u201d Also consider trimming positions at the edges on rips and adding on dips.In view of the foregoing, it is important to not get stuck in a bullish or a bearish point of view. Consider being receptive to new scenarios as they develop based on new incoming data.Disclosure: Subscribers to The Arora Report may have positions in the securities mentioned in this article or may take positions at any time. Nigam Arora is an investor, engineer and nuclear physicist by background who has founded two Inc. 500 fastest-growing companies. He is the founder of The Arora Report, which publishes four newsletters. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com.", "title": "Opinion: A scenario for new U.S. stock-market highs is developing"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-launches-new-ipad-air-and-ipad-mini-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 8:48 a.m. ET", "article": "Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.07% launched a new iPad Air on Monday that comes in a 10.5-inch design and a 7.9-inch iPad mini. Both come equipped with Apple Pencil, and the iPad Air includes an A12 Bionic chip that improves performance and graphics. Both also have advanced cameras and more than one million apps. The iPad Mini starts at $399 and the iPad Air starts at $499. The new models are available to order in select countries including the U.S., Australia and the U.K. starting today, and in additional countries starting next week. First generation Apple Pencil is also available for purchase separately for $99. Apple shares are up 18% for the year to date while the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.03% has gained 12.6% for the period.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple launches new iPad Air and iPad Mini"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/big-name-lawsuit-could-upend-realtors-and-their-6-fee-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 3:17 p.m. ET", "article": "A new class-action lawsuit takes aim at real estate agents and the tools they use to do business, and housing industry watchers say it could revolutionize the way Americans buy and sell the biggest asset they\u2019ll ever own.The suit was filed in Chicago on behalf of anyone who sold a home through one of 20 of the largest listing services in the country over the past five years. It charges that the mighty Washington-based lobby National Association of Realtors, as well as the four largest national real estate brokerages, and the Multiple Listing Services they use, have conspired to require anyone selling a home to pay the commission of the broker representing their buyer \u201cat an inflated amount,\u201d in violation of federal antitrust law.Homeowners who are ready to sell their properties usually hire a real-estate agent to represent them by staging the home, photographing it, adding it to the MLS, marketing it, and showing it to prospective buyers. Sellers agree to pay that person a commission on the selling price of the home. That commission has traditionally been known as the \u201c6%,\u201d but it\u2019s a little more complicated than that.Sellers can really only negotiate with the agent they\u2019ve hired, while agents representing buyers are generally assured of a standard 3% commission. That means that a seller\u2019s agent who\u2019s willing to negotiate, or one that works for a discount brokerage like Redfin RDFN, +1.25%  , will be paid less than a buyer\u2019s agent.Buyers can choose to be represented by an agent, or to go without one \u2013 but in any case, all commission money for both sides of the deal is always paid by the seller, thanks to a 1996 NAR rule known as the \u201cBuyer Broker Commission Rule.\u201dIn order to list a property on one of the many regional databases known as Multiple Listing Services, agents must abide by the Buyer Broker Rule. Listing on the MLS is essential for making a sale, and most MLSs are controlled by local NAR associations.\u201cThe conspiracy has saddled home sellers with a cost that would be borne by the buyer in a competitive market,\u201d the lawsuit says. \u201cMoreover, because most buyer brokers will not show homes to their clients where the seller is offering a lower buyer broker commission, or will show homes with higher commission offers first, sellers are incentivized when making the required blanket, non-negotiable offer to procure the buyer brokers\u2019 cooperation by offering a high commission.\u201dAs MarketWatch has previously reported, many housing observers call Realtors a \u201ccartel\u201d for the way they purposely steer clients to transactions in which traditional ways of doing business are observed.See: Meet the tech-savvy upstarts who think they can finally give Realtors a run for their moneyRob Hahn is founder and managing partner of 7DS Associates, a real estate consultancy. In a blog posted shortly after the lawsuit was filed, Hahn called it a potential \u201cnuclear bomb on the industry.\u201d And in an interview with MarketWatch, he said that he\u2019s taking it \u201cvery seriously.\u201dIn large part, that\u2019s because of the heft of the law firms behind the suit. Both Cohen Milstein Sellers & Toll, and Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro have a long history of prevailing over weighty entities like Volkswagen, for its emissions scandal, Apple, for its e-book collusion, and Exxon , after the Valdez spill.In response to a request for comment, NAR said, \u201cThe complaint is baseless and contains an abundance of false claims. The U.S. Courts have routinely found that Multiple Listing Services are pro-competitive and benefit consumers by creating great efficiencies in the home-buying and selling process. NAR looks forward to obtaining a similar precedent regarding this filing.\u201dStill, as Hahn put it, past lawsuits have mostly been filed by what he calls \u201cambulance-chasers,\u201d not the firms behind some of the biggest civil settlements in American history.That view is shared by Cohen Milstein partner Daniel Small, who called the way Realtors do business \u201ca longstanding problem.\u201d What\u2019s different now, Small told MarketWatch, is that deep-pocketed law firms had done a \u201csubstantial investigation\u201d that convinced them that there was merit to the case.Small declined to elaborate on what had prompted the investigation in the first place. It\u2019s worth noting, however, that the suit was filed roughly four months after the expiration of a Department of Justice consent decree against the National Association of Realtors. That settlement was struck in 2008 after the federal government spent several years unsuccessfully trying to rein in what it called anti-competitive behavior from NAR, which felt under attack from internet upstarts.Read: Realtors will soon be free of 10-year-old Justice Department decree \u2014 so what happens to housing now?Hahn thinks it\u2019s ironic that an innovation that tried to protect buyers, by providing them with representation in a complex and deeply emotional transaction, has soured the market so badly. Many housing watchers have long argued that real estate services should be paid for a la carte, or in a sliding-scale fee structure, rather than a flat commission, whether that\u2019s 6% or 1%. But, Hahn said, \u201cthere\u2019s no chance whatsoever that the industry goes that way voluntarily.\u201dWhat\u2019s more likely, he thinks, is that the American system will come to resemble real estate markets in Australia or England, where sellers and buyers each pay their own broker \u2013 or don\u2019t. After all, buyers are usually \u201ccash-strapped,\u201d Hahn noted: saving every nickel for a down payment, closing costs and moving expenses. While the entrenched interests in the American real estate industry will argue that\u2019s not consumer-friendly, Hahn says he\u2019s \u201cnever seen a study that says buyers get screwed\u201d without representation.A former lawyer himself, Hahn isn\u2019t sure how to handicap this case. But if it prevails, he thinks enormous changes are in store for the industry. The ranks of buyers\u2019 brokers will likely be decimated, and the infrastructure behind the MLSs and the local associations will wither away too.A spokesperson for Realogy RLGY, +0.76%   said, \u201cWe believe this case has no merit and will not be commenting further.\u201dA spokesperson for Keller Williams said, \u201cIt\u2019s not our policy to comment on pending litigation.\u201d A spokesperson for RE/MAX Holdings RMAX, -0.53%  declined to comment, and a request for comment by Berkshire Hathaway-held BRK.B, -0.16%   HomeServices of America, Inc. was not returned.\u201cThis is an important case for many reasons,\u201d Daniel Small said. \u201cAmong them is that this is the biggest transactions of most peoples\u2019 lives. There is a lot at stake.\u201dRelated: \u2018So remarkably inefficient\u2019: Venture capital takes on the housing market", "title": "The lawyers who took on Big Tobacco are aiming at Realtors and their 6% fee"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/webster-financial-corporation-announces-pricing-of-senior-notes-offering-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 5:14 p.m. ET", "article": "WATERBURY, Conn., March 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Webster Financial Corporation (\"Webster\") WBS, -1.21% the holding company for Webster Bank, N.A. and its HSA Bank division, announced today that it priced its underwritten public offering of $300 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes maturing March 25, 2029.  The notes have an interest rate of 4.100% and were priced to yield 4.141%.  Webster expects to apply the net proceeds of the notes for general corporate purposes.J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated are acting as joint bookrunners for the senior notes offering.A shelf registration statement, including a prospectus, with respect to the offering was previously filed by Webster with the SEC and became effective on December 14, 2017.  A preliminary prospectus relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC.  The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus.  Copies of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to these securities may be obtained without charge from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC by calling toll-free at 212-834-4533, Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. by calling toll-free 866-805-4128, or Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated by calling toll-free at 1-800-294-1322.  A copy of the prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus may also be obtained without charge by visiting the SEC website at www.sec.gov.This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.About Webster Webster Financial Corporation is the holding company for Webster Bank, National Association and its HSA Bank division. With $27.6 billion in assets, Webster provides business and consumer banking, mortgage, financial planning, trust, and investment services through 157 banking centers and 316 ATMs. Webster also provides mobile and online banking. Webster Bank owns the asset-based lending firm Webster Business Credit Corporation; the equipment finance firm Webster Capital Finance Corporation; and HSA Bank, a division of Webster Bank, which provides health savings account trustee and administrative services. Webster Bank is a member of the FDIC and an equal housing lender. For more information about Webster, including past press releases and the latest annual report, visit the Webster website at www.websterbank.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis release contains \"forward-looking statements\" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the \"Act\"). Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as \"believes,\" \"anticipates,\" \"expects,\" \"intends,\" \"targeted,\" \"continue,\" \"remain,\" \"will,\" \"should,\" \"may,\" \"plans,\" \"estimates,\" and similar references to future periods; however, such words are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) projections of revenues, expenses, income or loss, earnings or loss per share, and other financial items; (ii) statements of plans, objectives, and expectations of Webster or its management or Board of Directors; (iii) statements of future economic performance; and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying such statements. Forward-looking statements are based on Webster's current expectations and assumptions regarding its business, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Webster's actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (1) local, regional, national, and international economic conditions and the impact they may have on us and our customers and our assessment of that impact; (2) volatility and disruption in national and international financial markets; (3) government intervention in the U.S. financial system; (4) changes in the level of nonperforming assets and charge-offs; (5) changes in estimates of future reserve requirements based upon the periodic review thereof under relevant regulatory and accounting requirements; (6) adverse conditions in the securities markets that lead to impairment in the value of securities in our investment portfolio; (7) inflation, interest rate, securities market, and monetary fluctuations; (8) the timely development and acceptance of new products and services and perceived overall value of these products and services by customers; (9) changes in consumer spending, borrowings, and savings habits; (10) technological changes and cyber-security matters; (11) the ability to increase market share and control expenses; (12) changes in the competitive environment among banks, financial holding companies, and other financial services providers; (13) the effect of changes in laws and regulations (including laws and regulations concerning taxes, banking, securities, and insurance) with which we and our subsidiaries must comply, including the impact of recent changes with respect to the recognition of credit losses; (14) the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, and other accounting standard setters; (15) the costs and effects of legal and regulatory developments including the resolution of legal proceedings or regulatory or other governmental inquiries and the results of regulatory examinations or reviews; (16) our success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items and (17) the other factors that are described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q under the headings \"Risk Factors\" and \"Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.\" Any forward-looking statement made by the Company in this release speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause the Company's actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of them. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law.  View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/webster-financial-corporation-announces-pricing-of-senior-notes-offering-300816040.htmlSOURCE Webster Financial CorporationCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Webster Financial Corporation Announces Pricing of Senior Notes Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/c-spire-to-offer-new-105-inch-ipad-air-and-new-79-inch-ipad-mini-on-its-4g-lte-network-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 3:06 p.m. ET", "article": "RIDGELAND, Miss., March 21, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- C Spire will offer later this month the iPad Air in an all-new 10.5-inch model and the new 7.9-inch iPad mini, delivering dramatic power and capability with Apple Pencil support [1] the A12 Bionic chip with Apple's Neural Engine, Retina displays with True Tone technology, enhanced cameras and all-day battery life. [2]Customers can order the devices online at www.cpsire.com and via phone through Customer Telesales at 1.855.CSPIRE4 for home delivery or pick up at any C Spire retail store beginning on Tuesday, March 26.The all-new iPad Air features an ultra-thin 10.5-inch design, offering the latest innovations and high-end performance at a breakthrough price. With the A12 Bionic chip with Apple's Neural Engine, the new iPad Air delivers a 70 percent boost in performance and twice the graphics capability, and the advanced Retina display with True Tone technology is nearly 20 percent larger with over half a million more pixels [3] .The new 7.9-inch iPad mini is a major upgrade for iPad mini fans who love a compact, ultra-portable design packed with the latest technology. With the A12 Bionic chip, the new iPad mini is powerful multi-tasking machine, delivering three times the performance and nine times faster graphics [4] . The advanced Retina display with True Tone technology and wide color support is 25 percent brighter (4) and has the highest pixel density of any iPad, delivering an immersive visual experience in any setting.The powerful and smart A12 Bionic chip brings a new level of performance and speed to handle demanding computing tasks and power the next generation of apps for engaging AR experiences, photo-realistic effects in 3D games and stunning graphics performance within apps. With advanced front- and back-facing cameras, iPad mini and iPad Air take gorgeous photos and capture clear and stable 1080p HD videos. Apple Pencil opens up new creativity and productivity possibilities, from drawing and writing down thoughts to marking up documents and retouching photos.Staying connected is now easier and faster with the same great Wi-Fi performance and Gigabit-class LTE connectivity [5] , as well as eSIM technology that lets users connect to wireless data plans when traveling in more than 180 countries around the world. [6]For more details and pricing information on C Spire products and services, please visit www.cspire.com and click on the wireless tab.  For more information on the iPad, go to www.apple.com/ipad.About C SpireC Spire is a leading technology company and telecommunications provider committed to transforming its service areas through the C Spire Tech Movement initiative, which includes broadband deployment, technology innovation and workforce development.  The company provides world-class, customer-inspired wireless communications, 1 Gigabit consumer Internet access, streaming TV, digital home phone service as well as a full suite of dedicated Internet, wireless, IP Voice, data, cloud and managed IT services for businesses.  This news release and other announcements are available at www.cspire.com/news. For more information about C Spire, visit www.cspire.com or follow us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/cspire or Twitter at www.twitter.com/cspire.[1 ] 1st generation Apple Pencil sold separately. [2 ] Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results may vary. [3 ] When compared to the 9.7-inch iPad. [4 ] When compared to the previous generation iPad mini. [5 ] Network speeds are dependent on carrier networks. [6 ] Not all carriers support Apple SIM. Not available in China. View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/c-spire-to-offer-new-10-5-inch-ipad-air-and-new-7-9-inch-ipad-mini-on-its-4g-lte-network-300816707.htmlSOURCE C SpireCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "C Spire to offer new 10.5-inch iPad Air and new 7.9-inch iPad mini on its 4G LTE network"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/lubrizol-to-participate-at-in-cosmetics-global-paris-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 7:48 a.m. ET", "article": "(GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- News ReleaseLubrizol to Participate at In-Cosmetics Global, ParisCLEVELAND, March 26, 2019 - The Lubrizol Corporation announces its participation at In-Cosmetics Global in Paris, France on April 2-4. Lubrizol is showcasing a comprehensive offering to the beauty and personal care market, providing our partners high quality products aligned with industry trends.As a trusted industry partner, Lubrizol is innovating and advancing solutions by translating consumer needs and industry trends into market-ready solutions that adhere to best practices of environmentally responsible science. Check out the new products and concepts launching this year!Key Show Features:- Infinite Beauty: a set of nine forward-thinking formulations capturing the most extraordinary aspects of personal care's future.- MATRIFUSE(TM) S-1 dispersant: a highly effective oil soluble pigment dispersant for optimum coverage and pleasant sensory in color cosmetics and sun care applications, making brighter and bolder colors possible. Learn more on April 2 at 2:00 p.m. in Technical Seminars Theatre 3.- DAWNERGY(TM) peptide: activates the cellular alarm clock to help the skin wake up earlier, visibly improving the skin complexion through its revitalizing and anti-aging activities. Learn more on April 2 at 3:30 p.m. in Technical Seminars Theatre 2.- ACTISMART(TM) extracts: a new range of botanicals, Essence of Mythic Trees, reveals skin care benefits of three oil-based extracts from iconic trees from different regions of the world.- CARBOPOL(R) STYLE 2.0 polymer: a breakthrough 2-in-1 rheology modifier with inherent styling boosting properties that eliminates the need for a fixative.- Lubrizol's Compass Sustainability Strategy: visit the sustainability corner on Wednesday, April 3 at 1:00 p.m.To get inspired by Lubrizol Beauty and Personal care solutions, visit stand H60 at In Cosmetics Global 2019.- more -About Lubrizol Personal and Home CareWe develop, manufacture and market a broad range of specialty chemicals for skin care, hair care, bath and shower, dish care, surface care and fabric care. Our innovative ingredients and additives modify physical properties, enhance functional performance and deliver aesthetic benefits to drive key consumer product claims. Furthermore, with Active Organics' botanical extracts and Lipotec's peptide-based active cosmetic ingredients, we have strategically expanded our product portfolio and continue to build upon our current capabilities, formulations expertise and global manufacturing footprint to take innovation to the next level. We partner closely with our customers to create winning brands - through our commitment to market intimacy, knowledgeable people, technical expertise and essential, market-driving solutions. Our primary focus is on the needs and demands of our customers and consumers on a global basis. We are persistently committed to accessible innovation that directly addresses the market trends and to providing you with powerful, proven solutions so you can Formulate With Confidence(TM).About The Lubrizol CorporationThe Lubrizol Corporation, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is a market-driven global company that combines complex, specialty chemicals to optimize the quality, performance and value of customers' products while reducing their environmental impact. It is a leader at combining market insights with chemistry and application capabilities to deliver valuable solutions to customers in the global transportation, industrial and consumer markets. Lubrizol improves lives by acting as an essential partner in our customers' success, delivering efficiency, reliability or wellness to their end users. Technologies include lubricant additives for engine oils, driveline and other transportation-related fluids, industrial lubricants, as well as additives for gasoline and diesel fuel. In addition, Lubrizol makes ingredients and additives for home care, personal care and skin care products and specialty materials encompassing polymer and coatings technologies, along with polymer-based pharmaceutical and medical device solutions.With headquarters in Wickliffe, Ohio, Lubrizol owns and operates manufacturing facilities in 17 countries, as well as sales and technical offices around the world. Founded in 1928, Lubrizol has approximately 8,700 employees worldwide. Revenues for 2018 were $6.8 billion. For more information, visit Lubrizol.com.Media ContactAmanda RehkerTel: +1 216 447-5158Website: www.lubrizol.com###This announcement is distributed by West Corporation on behalf of West Corporation clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: Lubrizol via GlobenewswireCopyright (C) 2019 GLOBE NEWSWIRE. All rights reserved.", "title": "Lubrizol to Participate at In-Cosmetics Global, Paris"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/maxim-integrated-to-present-at-upcoming-investor-conferences-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 4:05 p.m. ET", "article": "SAN JOSE, Calif., March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. MXIM, -1.20% announced today that Tun\u00e7 Doluca, Chief Executive Officer and Bruce Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer will be presenting at the J.P. Morgan 47th Annual Global Technology, Media and Communications Conference in Boston, MA. The presentation is scheduled to begin at 11:40 a.m. Pacific Time/2:40 p.m. Eastern Time on Tuesday, May 14, 2019. Interested parties can listen to a live audio webcast at http://investor.maximintegrated.com/JPMorganGlobalTechConf2019. A replay of the audio webcast will be available for 180 days at the same location.The company also announced that Bruce Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer will be presenting at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2019 Global Technology Conference. The presentation is scheduled to begin at 2:20 p.m. Pacific Time/5:20 p.m. Eastern Time on Tuesday, June 4, 2019 in San Francisco, CA. Interested parties unable to attend the conference can listen to a live audio webcast at https://investor.maximintegrated.com/BofAMLGlobalTech2019. A replay of the audio webcast will be available for 180 days at the same location.About Maxim IntegratedMaxim Integrated develops innovative analog and mixed-signal products and technologies to make systems smaller and smarter, with enhanced security and increased energy efficiency. We are empowering design innovation for our automotive, industrial, healthcare, mobile consumer, and cloud data center customers to deliver industry-leading solutions that help change the world. Learn more at http://www.maximintegrated.com/Contact: \nKathy Ta \nVice President, Investor Relations \n(408) 601-5697 View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/maxim-integrated-to-present-at-upcoming-investor-conferences-300818941.htmlSOURCE Maxim Integrated Investor RelationsCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Maxim Integrated to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-stock-boosted-by-strong-buy-call-ahead-of-special-press-event-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 24, 2019 11:26 a.m. ET", "article": "Shares of Apple Inc. jumped Thursday to a 4-month high, after Needham analyst Laura Martin\u2019s upgraded the company ahead of next week\u2019s \u201cApple Special Event.\u201dApple\u2019s stock AAPL, +1.32%  surged 3.7% to close at the highest level since Nov. 9, and enough to pace the Dow Jones Industrial Average\u2019s DJIA, +0.10%  gainers.The stock had rallied as much as 4.3% in intraday trade, briefly lifting Apple\u2019s market capitalization to the top of the list of largest U.S. companies, before paring gains at the close. Apple\u2019s market cap closed Thursday at $919.9 billion, just shy of above Microsoft Corp.\u2019s MSFT, -0.14%  $922.4 billion.Needham\u2019s Martin raised her rating on Apple to a rare strong buy, after being at buy for the past two years. She boosted her price target to $225, which was 15% above Thursday\u2019s closing price, from $180. That new price target implies a market cap of about $1.061 trillion, which is below Apple\u2019s record market cap of $1.106 billion reached in September 2018, according to FactSet.Martin said in valuing Apple, she believes the best question to answer is whether Apple is a product company or an ecosystem company. Many on Wall Street might think Apple is a product company, given that 62% of its fiscal first-quarter revenue came from iPhones, but Martin said her proprietary survey indicates users believe it is an ecosystem company.That\u2019s the key reason Martin upgraded Apple now, several days before the Monday\u2019s much-anticipated event:\u201cBecause the most important value driver for an ecosystem is churn,\u201d Martin wrote in a note to clients. \u201cThe lower the churn, the higher the lifetime value per user.\u201dShe said the new streaming-video content service Apple is expected to announce should lower churn and drive higher lifetime value for each of the company\u2019s 900 million unique ecosystem users, and could attract new users as well.See related: Apple wants to change the way you watch sports.For Needham, a strong buy rating is used when a stock is expected to outperform the average total return of the broader stock market, as well as the other stocks the analyst covers, over the next 12 months. Only 8% of the companies covered by Needham analysts are rated strong buy.The good news is that ecosystem companies can only be unseated by other ecosystem companies, Martin said. The bad news is, the most successful ecosystem companies in the world are the FAANGs, which are Facebook Inc. FB, +0.71% Apple, Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.14% Netflix Inc. NFLX, +0.18%  and Google-parent Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.20% and the FAANGs are increasingly getting into each others\u2019 businesses.Martin said the reason Apple warrants the strong buy rating is because her research suggests Apple\u2019s ecosystem \u201cis the most likely to prevail in a direct competition between FAANG ecosystems.\u201dSee also: Apple streaming service won\u2019t offer Netflix subscription, Hastings says.Separately, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives also became a little more bullish on Apple ahead of its \u201cspecial\u201d event, as he reiterated his outperform rating while lifting his price target to $215 from $200.While Apple\u2019s long-awaited unveiling of a streaming video service is a \u201cpivotal\u201d step in driving its services business, he believes it is only a prelude to an even bigger news event.\u201cWhile the first step in this video content framework will be its announcement on March 25th and adding content partners\u2014likely, Apple will get a 25%-35% cut of monthly subscriber fees\u2014we believe this will only be the drumroll to a more transformative content acquisition during the course of 2019 for Apple,\u201d Ives wrote in a research note.Meanwhile, JPMorgan\u2019s Samik Chatterjee said he doesn\u2019t expect Monday\u2019s event to be a catalyst for the stock, given that it has already been priced in. He reiterated his overweight rating and $228 stock price target, however, saying he expects the new service to make \u201ca material impact\u201d on future earnings.\u201cWe expect the launch of a video service offering will drive synergies for iOS services, further accelerating growth in Apple Music subscribers as well as driving existing Apple Music subscribers to move into a more premium media service offering,\u201d Chatterjee wrote in a research note.Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Tech Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple stock boosted by \u2018strong buy\u2019 call ahead of special press event"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/chiba-prefectural-government-sending-out-information-through-chiba-no-miryoku-hasshintai-facebook-page-to-publicize-local-attractions-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 2:00 a.m. ET", "article": "CHIBA, Japan, March 25, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Chiba Prefecture, home to Narita International Airport, is transmitting information through the \"Chiba-no Miryoku Hasshintai\" (\"team to publicize the attractions of Chiba\") Facebook page, opened in September 2018, to publicize the prefecture's allures to the rest of Japan and the world as the 2020 Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games are drawing near.(Photos: https://kyodonewsprwire.jp/release/201903224505?p=images)People who love Chiba have so far posted approximately 600 messages on the Facebook page, introducing the charms of the prefecture including Chiba's unique food and impressive scenery as well as local residents' hospitality.The winners were selected from among numerous posts based on the number of likes and shares they won as well as screening by experts including a well-known blogger. Chiba-no Miryoku Hasshintai forum was held at the Chiba Prefectural Museum of Art, known for its spacious structure, and the winners and messages were introduced for their impressive and favorable reactions.The experts delivered speeches on the attractions of Chiba and how to introduce such charms to the public using SNS.Prefectural government officials hope that as many people as possible will feel the attractions of Chiba Prefecture, which hosts Narita International Airport that is the gateway to Japan, through the Chiba-no Miryoku Hasshintai Facebook page.The following prize-winning posts are carried on the \"Chiba-no Miryoku Hasshintai\" Facebook page. Chiba Prefectural Government officials are calling on members of the public to post \"likes\" if they find the posts interesting:(1) Gold Prize (post that garnered the largest number of \"likes\" and share)Name: Yukiko Takashiro\nContent: Omigawa Ekimae Shotengai (shopping street in front of Omigawa Station) (Katori city)https://www.facebook.com/introchiba/photos/a.505880993198427/615572998895892/?type=3&theater(2) Silver Prize (post that garnered the 2nd largest number of \"likes\" and share)Name: Tatsuya Sato\nContent: Hojo Beach (Tateyama city)https://www.facebook.com/introchiba/photos/a.505880993198427/613485252438000/?type=3&theater (3) Bronze Prize (post that garnered the 3rd largest number of \"likes\" and share)Name: Toshiki Seki\nContent: Haraoka Beach (Minamiboso city)https://www.facebook.com/introchiba/photos/a.505880993198427/613927662393759/?type=3&theaterView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/chiba-prefectural-government-sending-out-information-through-chiba-no-miryoku-hasshintai-facebook-page-to-publicize-local-attractions-300817501.htmlSOURCE Chiba Prefectural GovernmentCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Chiba Prefectural Government Sending Out Information through \"Chiba-no Miryoku Hasshintai\" Facebook Page to Publicize Local Attractions"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/supreme-court-sends-consumers-suing-google-over-privacy-issues-back-to-court-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 2:34 p.m. ET", "article": "Supreme Court justices sent a sprawling consumer class-action case back to lower court, declining to answer a question on the fairness of an $8.5 million Google settlement that earmarked money for lawyers, universities and organizations \u2014 but not the millions of allegedly harmed search engine users.Frank v. Gaos could have been a showdown on the fairness of so-called \u201ccy pres\u201d class-action settlements, where money awards go to uninvolved parties that have a big-picture link to the case\u2019s issues, rather than to affected class members.Instead, eight of the high court\u2019s nine judges said they had \u201csubstantial questions\u201d on whether the consumers had the standing to bring the case.Back in 2013, Google GOOG, -0.70%   settled the case about perceived privacy violations with a $8.5 million pact that gave $5.3 million to six universities and organizations \u2014 who were supposed to use the money to research internet privacy \u2014 another $2.12 million in attorneys fees and $5,000 each of the three named plaintiffs.But several of the class members challenged the deal, which, they said, shortchanged consumers like them and the other 129 million class members. One of the objectors, attorney Ted Frank, argued the case, insisting these kinds of settlements put lawyers\u2019 interests over the people they\u2019re supposed to represent.He\u2019s often challenged class action deals and is now petitioning the Supreme Court to take up another case.Attorneys for Google and the class members said these kinds of settlements were rare and appropriate under the circumstances. The donations to universities did far more in the grand scheme than 4-cent checks, they said. Some of the money the universities received was earmarked for educating consumers about online privacy risks.The case centered on how URL strings could transmit user search terms to third-party websites. Google didn\u2019t admit liability and added more online disclosures.The settlement money was slated for AARP, World Privacy Forum, Carnegie Mellon University, Chicago-Kent College of Law, Harvard University and Stanford Law School. The ruling put a freeze on the settlement, according to Frank.The Supreme Court on Wednesday said they weren\u2019t signalling what they thought about the case\u2019s standing issues. Still, the high court said the matter had to be addressed, given changes in the law.Only Justice Clarence Thomas wanted to push on to the settlement, which he said shouldn\u2019t have been approved. The agreement \u201cprovided members of the class no damages and no other form of meaningful relief,\u201d Thomas wrote in his dissent.Standing to even sue is a critical legal hurdle that shows up again and again. Last week, Facebook FB, +0.84%  made standing a key part of its defense against users who said they were wronged by the social media platform in the Cambridge Analytica scandal. Because the users allegedly couldn\u2019t show how they were actually hurt in the massive information-sharing fiasco, they lacked a leg to stand on, Facebook contended.Frank, litigation director at the Hamilton Lincoln Law Institute, said the case would now go back to appellate judges in the Ninth Circuit, who would decide whether to kick it to the Northern District of California or decide the matter themselves.\u201cThe day of reckoning has been postponed,\u201d he told MarketWatch. \u201cBut the writing is on the wall.\u201dAttorneys for Google and the class members could not be immediately reached for comment.Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Supreme Court sends consumers suing Google over privacy issues back to court"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/vertical-computer-systems-subsidiary-ploinks-inc-has-developed-an-apple-ios-prototype-of-ploinksr-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 4:27 p.m. ET", "article": "March 20, 2019 (ACCESSWIRE via COMTEX) -- RICHARDSON, TX / ACCESSWIRE / March 20, 2019 / Vertical Computer Systems, Inc. (otcqb:VCSY) is pleased to announce that its subsidiary, Ploinks, Inc. has developed a prototype of the iOS version of Ploinks\u00ae. In addition, Ploinks, Inc. has formally submitted the iOS version of the Ploinks\u00ae mobile application to Apple for approval.\"Completing a prototype of Ploinks\u00ae (sharing of text and images) for use on the iOS platform represents a major milestone for our secure and private communications technology,\" said Richard Wade, President and CEO of Ploinks, Inc. and its parent company, Vertical Computer Systems, Inc. \"After we obtain Apple's approval of the iOS version and as we test and make updates by adding new functionality, we will be poised to launch Ploinks\u00ae as a solution that works across the Android and iOS platforms.\"Ploinks\u00ae is currently available to anyone who uses Android smartphones or another enabled Android mobile device. People may download Ploinks\u00ae and get their own personal Ploinks SPC\u2122 by visiting www.ploinks.com or Ploinks\u00ae on Google Play. ThePloinks SPC\u2122 costs $4.99 per month per subscriber and allows fordownload of the Ploinks\u00ae mobile app on up to two Android smartphones or mobile devices and also includes the Puddle\u2122 backup and storage application for use on a Windows-based PC.Ploinks\u00ae is currently only available for communications between users located within the United States.Forward-looking statements disclosure: This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which represent the Company's expectations or beliefs concerning future events. Any statements that describe the Company's objectives, plans or goals are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements in this release are based upon information available to the Company on the date of this release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. With the exception of historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this press release involve risk and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement.ABOUT VERTICAL COMPUTER SYSTEMS, INC.Vertical Computer Systems, Inc. (otcqb:VCSY) is a provider of administrative software, Internet core technologies and derivative software application products. Vertical's subsidiary Now Solutions, Inc., distributes emPath\u2122, a payrolland human resources software solution. Another subsidiary, Ploinks, Inc., has developed Ploinks\u00ae, a private communication channel. Vertical's primary Internet core technologies include the Private Communication Platform, SiteFlash\u2122 and the Emily\u2122 XML Scripting Language, which can be used to build web services. For the latest news, please visit www.VCSY.com and https://twitter.com/VCSYInc (or by searching for \"@VCSYInc\" on Twitter).ABOUT PLOINKS, INC.Ploinks, Inc., is a software company that develops personal private communication products. \"Ploinks\u00ae\" is a personal private communication channel, which, together with the Puddle\u2122, a backup solution for personal data of Ploinks\u00ae users, forms the Ploinks Secure Personal Capsule\u2122. The company is also developing \"Ploinks for Business\u2122\", a private communication product for businesses who want to have secure communications with their outside constituents, such as fans, customers, clientsand other third parties. Ploinks, Inc. is a subsidiary of Vertical Computer Systems, Inc. (otcqb:VCSY). To keep up with the latest Ploinks news, please visit www.ploinks.com and https://twitter.com/PloinksInc (or search for \"@PloinksInc\" on Twitter).Media Contacts:Vertical Computer Systems, Inc.(972) 437-5200PRinfo@vcsy.comRelated Linkshttps://www.vcsy.comhttps://www.ploinks.comSOURCE: Vertical Computer Systems, Inc.View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/539607/Vertical-Computer-Systems-Subsidiary-Ploinks-Inc-Has-Developed-An-Apple-iOS-Prototype-of-PloinksRCopyright 2019 ACCESSWIRE", "title": "Vertical Computer Systems' Subsidiary Ploinks, Inc. Has Developed An Apple iOS Prototype of Ploinks(R)"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-left-is-a-bigger-threat-to-america-than-china-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 6:00 a.m. ET", "article": "China tests America more broadly than the trade issues capturing the headlines. It compliments the left\u2019s cultural assault on our nation\u2019s founding ideals, and the latter could restore Old World tyranny to America.The United States was established by European migrants and Africans brought here against their will. They labored as farmers, merchants and craftsmen in small cities and rural settlements largely isolated from one another but gradually united by experiences that emerged from separated experiments in capitalism and local governance.Americans emerged, culturally distinct from the British, not defined by a unifying ethnicity or religion, but rather from shared ideas that men seeking their fortunes in free markets and governing themselves through the ballot box are the best paths to personal and shared prosperity and security.Americans threw off old world mercantilism and aristocracy.America demanded a lot from ordinary people \u2014 self-reliance and self-discipline to accept the judgments of the marketplace and outcome of elections. Americans don\u2019t take to arms when the other side wins.After the Revolution, a few million settlers living within 100 miles of the Atlantic coast scaled two mountain ranges, settled the West and built industries, cities and great universities. The country suffered a terrible war to rid itself of the scourge of slavery.In 1876, Europeans flocked to the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition to marvel at a bustling young nation\u2019s technological accomplishments \u2014 American leadership of the West had begun.Now China confronts America, like a distant image in the memory of our childhood \u2014 its youth restored and busting at the seams \u2014 but it is nothing like we ever were until perhaps now.The ruling Communist Party expects business leaders to serve its national agenda and the state apparatus censors what citizens may read and tracks with increasing efficiency their thoughts and movements.Through a well-monitored internet and cameras and facial recognition in public spaces, contemporary China much resembles fascist Germany and pre-war Japan. Those had state directed industry associations and extraordinary pressures for conformity with militarism and supremacist ideologies.If the 20th century taught us anything, we can\u2019t appease ambitious tyrants\u2014Britain tried at Munich and nearly paid with extinction\u2014or ignore them\u2014the bloodshed of World War II might have been greatly lessened had we confronted Hitler and Tojo sooner.At least Britain and America were united internally for the long dark war that followed but neither is today. With Brexit, Theresa May is terribly remindful of Nevil Chamberlain and too many Britons cannot see that short-term pain is necessary to unshackle from the smothering consequences of the arrogant and elitist-imposed European Union statism.In America, the left has captured the hearts and minds of many millennials and college-educated women with self-serving sexism, racism and romantic notions about socialism. All personal failures are the handiwork of some devilish collusion among white males or dysfunction of capitalism, and the coercive powers of the state must be marshalled to redress injustice.Consider, the California Fair Pay Act, which requires even the smallest enterprise to explain hiring decisions in terms of rigid implicit quotas. Sen. Elizabeth Warren\u2019s proposals to ensure corporate boards are controlled by a combination of employees and unelected representative stakeholders. And Sen. Chuck Schumer\u2019s that would prohibit corporations from distributing profits if they don\u2019t meet state-mandated goals.As national policy those would impose socialist decision-making on virtually all employee contracts and investment decisions, and are more likely to happen than the Green New Deal if the Democrats get full control.As for mandatory compliance with \u201cLeft Think\u201d\u2014that is now open sourced to the pervasive monitoring of Google GOOG, -0.70%  and Facebook FB, +0.84%  and the incessant demands of the media that anyone violating their \u201cvalues\u201d be denied employment.President Donald Trump squarely stands in the path of the left\u2019s agenda, and it responds with a state-organized campaign to discredit him and his appointees through endless investigations. I am waiting for the House Judiciary Committee to subpoena the grade-school lunch accounts of Trump and Justice Brett Kavanaugh.Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Schumer, the Women in White at the State of the Union and media like the New York Times by their actions deny legitimacy of a duly-elected president.With all this, America is just one election away from capitulating to China.", "title": "Opinion: The Left is a bigger threat to America than China"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/real-trends-500-report-ranks-nations-largest-real-estate-firms-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 6:00 a.m. ET", "article": "CASTLE ROCK, Colo., March 27, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- HomeServices of America and NRT LLC are leading the charge as the largest brokerages by transaction sides, according to the 2019 REAL Trends 500, an independently verified compilation of the nation's leading residential real estate companies. REAL Trends, the trusted source for news and research about the real estate brokerage industry, announced the results of the 2019 REAL Trends 500 today.A record 1,757 firms qualified for this year's REAL Trends 500. According to a research report produced by REAL Trends, the 500 largest residential real estate brokerage firms in the nation closed over 3.2 million residential sales transactions in 2018. These transactions represent over one-third of all new and resale transactions completed by brokers during the year, yet the REAL Trends 500 represented less than 0.5 percent of all brokerage firms. The 500-ranked brokers closed nearly 3.3 million home transactions with a value of nearly $1.2 trillion during 2018, up from $1.1 trillion in the calendar year 2017.This year's survey represents the most comprehensive collection of data assembled on the leaders of the residential brokerage industry. Numbers are documented by outside accounting firms and/or MLS reports. \"For several years, the REAL Trends 500 has gained market share,\" says Steve Murray, president of REAL Trends. \"In 2019, the REAL Trends 500 did it again\u2014up 2.7 percent in 2018 against a national existing home sales factor which was down 3 to 4 percent. What is most interesting is the growth of relative newcomers to the 500 such as eXp, Compass and HomeSmart which have shown remarkable growth in the past few years.\"According to Scott Wright, vice president of REAL Trends and editor of the report, \"Seven of the top ten growth firms were affiliated with Keller Williams, but there were representatives from every major brand and several independents in the top movers, such as JP & Associates, Realtors\u00ae, which was also among the top growing brokerage firms. Leading firms are finding a way to grow despite challenges from low inventory, affordability issues and intensifying competition.\"It took 1,992 transactions to be included in this year's REAL Trends 500, up from a minimum of 1,899 transactions a year ago. In 2018, there were 297 firms recording over $1 billion in residential sales while there were 274 firms that accomplished this in 2017. HomeServices of America, headquartered in Minneapolis, led the REAL Trends 500 as the largest residential brokerage company in the country, closing 346,629 transactions in 2018. No. 2 on the list of the nation's largest firms is NRT LLC, headquartered in Madison, N.J., with 337,235 closed transaction sides. No. 3 on the list is Hanna Holdings in Pittsburgh, with 83,043 transactions and No. 4 is Bellingham, Wash.-based eXp Realty with 73,458 transactions.To view the rankings, go to https://www.realtrends.com/rankings/rt500. This year, REAL Trends is offering the REAL Trends 500 information for free!About REAL Trends: REAL Trends has been The Trusted Source for news, analysis and information about the residential real estate industry since 1987. We are a privately-held publishing, communications and consulting company based in Castle Rock, Colorado. Residential real estate leaders find timely and trusted information and analysis through our yearly event\u2014Gathering of Eagles\u2014our monthly newsletter and other publications.TOP 25 FIRMS BY TRANSACTION SIDESContact:Scott Wright\nswright@realtrends.com\n303-741-1000View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/real-trends-500-report-ranks-nations-largest-real-estate-firms-300819128.htmlSOURCE REAL TrendsCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "REAL Trends 500 Report Ranks Nation's Largest Real Estate Firms"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/weekend-roundup-egg-on-buffetts-face-retailers-winning-ways-teslas-cheap-model-3-2019-03-01": {"date": "Mar 2, 2019 7:59 a.m. ET", "article": "MarketWatch rounds up 10 of its most interesting topics over the past week.Warren Buffett\u2019s Berkshire Hathaway BRK.B, -0.07%  owns nearly 27% of Kraft Heinz KHC, -0.53% The processed food giant\u2019s shares have plunged 33% this year, following a 43% decline during 2018. Here\u2019s a sampling of coverage of how Berkshire is paying a price for its investment in Kraft Heinz:\u2022 Buffett says he \u2018overpaid for Kraft\u2019 business, was \u2018wrong in a couple of ways\u2019\u2022 Why the $15.4 billion Kraft Heinz brand write-down was unusual\u2022 Investors should no longer bet on Warren Buffett\u2022 Barron\u2019s: Warren Buffett hung on to Kraft Heinz stock. Here\u2019s how to handle your shares\u2022 A tip you can use to make money from Warren Buffett\u2019s multibillion-dollar lossRelated: Buffett criticizes others for using non-standard accounting \u2014 but he does tooTractor Supply TSCO, +0.66%  increased its comparable-store sales 5.1% during fiscal 2018 ended Dec. 29. That\u2019s an impressive number for any retailer. Here\u2019s how the company operates in its special niche.More on retail:\u2022 Why buying Walmart stock over Amazon is a better bet now\u2022 Best Buy and five other brick-and-mortar retailers whose shares are worth buying in 2019Most of the financial media\u2019s retirement coverage is about financial planning, but there is much more to it than that. Alessandra Malito interviews two authors who are researching the various ways women approach retirement.Here\u2019s a selection of Jacob Passy\u2019s coverage of the U.S. housing market:\u2022 As more millennials become homeowners, seniors are becoming renters\u2022 There are more homes on the market, but that\u2019s not necessarily good news for buyers\u2022 Americans could save $700 million by checking one thing before buying a homeYou may be surprised.Related: Baby boomers are better at protecting their online privacy than younger peopleDo this 15 minutes a day and you\u2019re on your way.Here are three tips for beating the stock market \u2014 from a fund manager who keeps doing it.A fund manager makes a fascinating point about the big tech companies that have dominated the S&P 500 SPX, +0.07% while looking ahead and naming others for long-term investment.More fund-manager interviews:\u2022 The U.S. stock market has now split into the \u2018haves\u2019 and \u2018have nots\u2019\u2022 When investors make mistakes, and they always do, this manager pounces and profitsTesla TSLA, +1.17% is finally selling its Model 3 for the long-promised price of $35,000, while moving all of its sales online. But even with the layoffs of its retail staff, CEO Elon Musk does not expect the electric-car maker to turn a profit this quarter.More on Tesla and its competition:\u2022 Wall Street keeps the faith on Tesla despite Musk, SEC tiff\u2022 The five most highly anticipated electric vehicles to be released (and none is a Tesla)Mark Hulbert looks at two cataclysmic market events and how they continue to affect the way investors think.This Scotch brand won a big award and costs less than $18 a bottle.Want more from MarketWatch? Check out our Personal Finance Daily or other newsletters, and get the latest news, personal finance and investing advice.Have this weekly roundup sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Weekly Roundup newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Weekend roundup: Egg on Buffett\u2019s face | Retailers\u2019 winning ways | Tesla\u2019s cheap Model 3"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/microsoft-takes-home-2019-best-of-enterprise-connect-overall-award-for-microsoft-teams-marking-its-second-win-in-a-row-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 10:16 a.m. ET", "article": "ORLANDO, Mar 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- ORLANDO, Fla., March 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Enterprise Connect, the leading conference and exhibition for enterprise communications and collaboration, today presented Microsoft with the 2019 Best of Enterprise Connect Overall award, making this Microsoft's second straight win. Enterprise Connect also announced Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft, Mio, Optanix, and Poly (formerly Plantronics-Polycom) as winners across four new category awards. Enterprise Connect Program Coordinator, Michelle Burbick, presented all recipients with their awards during a ceremony held this morning at the event taking place through Thursday, March 21.For more information about the Best of Enterprise Connect Award, please visit: enterpriseconnect.com/best-enterprise-connectEach year, the Best of Enterprise Connect Overall award is presented to a company making significant technological advancements within the enterprise communications and collaboration industry. This year, for the first time, the event also added category awards with the intent to recognize achievement in a variety of product categories and to highlight more of the technologies taking the industry by storm.\"We'd like to extend a congratulations to all of this year's Best of Enterprise Connect winners and participants. We were thrilled to expand this program and honor the advancements made by such a dynamic group of innovators,\" said Michelle Burbick, Program Coordinator, Enterprise Connect. \"These awards serve as a testament to their dedication to providing world-class solutions tailored towards the enterprise communications industry.\"Enterprise Connect's expert judging panel reviewed more submissions than ever before to select finalists for the each of this year's awards categories. Judges rated participants' products based on factors including technology advancement, scope/reach, relevancy for large/midmarket enterprises, pricing, and overall business impact.\"It's an honor to accept this award for the second consecutive year,\" said Lori Wright, General Manager, Microsoft 365. \"It speaks to the power of the Microsoft Teams platform and the positive impact it is having for customers around the world. We are appreciative to the Enterprise Connect team for this prestigious award.\"2019 Best of Enterprise Connect Awards Recipients:Best of Enterprise Connect Overall:Best Application of AI:Best Innovation for Collaboration:Best Upgrade to an Existing Product:Best Communications/Collaboration Device:All awards recipients will be displaying their latest solutions on the Expo Floor at Enterprise Connect, taking place March 18-21, 2019, at the Gaylord Palms in Orlando, FL.WorkSpace Connect 2019\nIn 2019, the organizers of Enterprise Connect will introduce WorkSpace Connect, a new conference that will provide in-depth, interdisciplinary sessions led by experts on IT, Real Estate/Facilities, and HR. The event is designed with one objective in mind: to help you create strategies, spaces, and best practices that enable collaboration among employees spanning different situations, generations, work styles, and locations. Leaders and decision-makers across IT, RE/Facilities and HR, will get hands-on experience and insights on how to develop a coherent workspace collaboration strategy. To learn more about WorkSpace Connect, please visit: https://workspace-connect.com/Follow Enterprise Connect online:About Enterprise Connect\nFor more than 28 years, Enterprise Connect has been the leading conference and exhibition for enterprise Unified Communications and Collaboration in North America. Enterprise Connect brings corporate IT decision makers together with the industry's vendors, analysts and consultants to focus on the issues central to enterprise networks and communications. Enterprise Connect owns and produces No Jitter, (nojitter.com), providing daily blogging and analysis of enterprise communications, and it also serves the community with a weekly email newsletter, research surveys and a Webinar Series. For more information, visit enterpriseconnect.com/orlando. Enterprise Connect is organized by UBM, which in June 2018 combined with Informa PLC to become a leading B2B information services group and the largest B2B Events organizer in the world. To learn more and for the latest news and information, visit www.ubm.com and www.informa.comMedia Contact:\nHeather Donner\nECPR@ubm.com\n415-947-6109(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Microsoft Takes Home 2019 Best of Enterprise Connect Overall Award for Microsoft Teams, Marking Its Second Win in a Row"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/geicos-zero-tolerance-for-fraud-leads-to-filing-rico-lawsuit-in-arizona-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 6:00 a.m. ET", "article": "To prove its point that GEICO has a zero tolerance policy regarding insurance fraud, GEICO has filed a federal lawsuit in Arizona against an auto glass repair shop suspected of submitting fraudulent glass repair bills. GEICO seeks to recover damages under Civil RICO statutes, as well as for unjust enrichment and fraud, and, GEICO says, the Arizona action is also a preview of future lawsuits.GEICO alleges that its customers\u2019 signatures were forged on invoices submitted to GEICO for repairs by A & E Auto Glass that were never performed. Specifically, GEICO was billed for repairs associated with recalibration of Advanced Driver Assistance Systems using falsified documents. In many instances, such a system was not even available on the specific make and model of the vehicle being repaired. In addition to billing for services which were never provided, the suit alleges that the defendants submitted fabricated documents from Arizona automobile dealerships for reimbursement of glass parts that were never purchased.\u201cGEICO has a zero tolerance policy when it comes to insurance fraud,\u201d said Shane Wheeler, assistant vice president of claims in GEICO\u2019s Tucson, Arizona, office. \u201cThese incidents of fraud hurt consumers because they cause premiums to increase.\u201d Wheeler went on to say that GEICO has a long history of seeking out individuals willing to commit fraud. GEICO intends to file future lawsuits to continue making every effort to protect its customers and the public from fraudulent glass repair operators.GEICO filed its case \u2013 Government Employees Insurance Company, et al. v. A & E Solheim, LLC, d/b/a A & E Auto Glass, et. al. \u2013 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona. GEICO also seeks a declaration that any pending claims are not owed. GEICO is represented by Barry Levy, Rivkin Radler LLP and William Thorpe, Thorpe Shwer P.C.GEICO (Government Employees Insurance Company), the second-largest auto insurer in the U.S., was founded in 1936 and insures more than 27 million vehicles.To make changes, report claims, print insurance cards and purchase additional products, policyholders can log into their car insurance policy, connect via GEICO Mobile, phoneor by visiting aGEICO local agent.Homeowners, renters, condo, flood, identity theft and life coverages are written through non-affiliated insurance companies and are secured through the GEICO Insurance Agency, Inc. Commercial auto and personal umbrella coverages are also available.Visit www.geico.com for a quote or to learn more.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005081/en/SOURCE: GEICOGEICO Communications\ngcorpcomm@geico.com\nTo view GEICO's Blog: https://www.geico.com/more/Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "GEICO\u2019s Zero Tolerance for Fraud Leads to Filing RICO Lawsuit in Arizona"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bnsf-announces-95-million-capital-plan-in-minnesota-for-2019-2019-02-26": {"date": "Feb 26, 2019 12:03 p.m. ET", "article": "BNSF Railway Company (BNSF) today announced plans to spend about $95 million on its capital expenditure program in Minnesota in 2019. Most of this year\u2019s capital plan in the state will be dedicated to replacing and upgrading rail, rail ties and ballast, which are the main components for the tracks on which BNSF trains operate. Planned maintenance activities help ensure BNSF can continue to operate a safe and reliable rail network, which is why BNSF has invested approximately $840 million to expand and maintain its network in Minnesota since 2014. This year, the maintenance program in Minnesota includes about 340 miles of track surfacing and/or undercutting work as well as the replacement of about 30 miles of rail and more than 250,000 ties.\u201cBy planning regular maintenance activities we can continue to operate trains in Minnesota safely and efficiently, giving our customers the service they expect,\u201d said Chad Sundem, general manager of operations, Twin Cities Division. \u201cIn addition to the agricultural products we move in the state \u2013 including corn, wheat and soybeans \u2013 we also move large quantities of timber, paper products and taconite from Minnesota to other markets.\u201dThe 2019 planned capital investments in the state are part of BNSF\u2019s $3.57 billion network-wide capital expenditure program announced earlier this month. These investments include roughly $2.47 billion to replace and maintain core network and related assets, approximately $760 million on expansion and efficiency projects and about $340 million for freight cars and other equipment acquisitions.About BNSFBNSF Railway is one of North America\u2019s leading freight transportation companies. BNSFoperatesapproximately 32,500 route miles of track in 28 states and also operates in three Canadian provinces. BNSF is one of the top transporters of consumer goods, grain and agricultural products, low-sulfur coal, and industrial goods such as petroleum, chemicals, housing materials, food and beverages. BNSF\u2019s shipments help feed, clothe, supply, and power American homes and businesses every day. BNSF and its employees have developed one of the most technologically advanced, and efficient railroads in the industry. We work continuously to improve the value of the safety, service, energy, and environmental benefits we provide to our customers and the communities we serve. You can learn more about BNSF at www.BNSF.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190226005909/en/SOURCE: BNSF Railway CompanyAmy McBeth\n763-782-3212\nAmy.McBeth@bnsf.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "BNSF Announces $95 Million Capital Plan in Minnesota for 2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bnsf-plans-105-million-capital-program-in-oklahoma-for-2019-2019-03-04": {"date": "Mar 4, 2019 11:06 a.m. ET", "article": "BNSF Railway Company (BNSF) today announced that its 2019 capital expenditure program in Oklahoma will be approximately $105 million. The largest component of this year\u2019s capital plan in the state will be for replacing and upgrading rail, rail ties and ballast, which are the main components for the tracks on which BNSF trains operate. By remaining focused on maintenance projects, BNSF can continue to operate a safe and reliable rail network.This year, the maintenance program in Oklahoma includes approximately 570 miles of track surfacing and/or undercutting work as well as the replacement of nearly 25 miles of rail and more than 150,000 ties. Between 2014 and 2018, BNSF invested more than $570 million to expand and maintain its network in Oklahoma.\u201cNearly 5 million carloads of freight move along BNSF lines in Oklahoma each year and it\u2019s important that those loads move safely and efficiently,\u201d said Janssen Thompson, general manager of operations, Red River Division. \u201cThe maintenance projects planned in Oklahoma this year will help us to continue to meet customer expectations by keeping the network running smoothly.\u201dThe 2019 planned capital investments in the state are part of BNSF\u2019s $3.57 billion network-wide capital expenditure program announced last month. These investments include roughly $2.47 billion to replace and maintain core network and related assets, approximately $760 million on expansion and efficiency projects and about $340 million for freight cars and other equipment acquisitions.About BNSFBNSF Railway is one of North America\u2019s leading freight transportation companies. BNSFoperatesapproximately 32,500 route miles of track in 28 states and also operates in three Canadian provinces. BNSF is one of the top transporters of consumer goods, grain and agricultural products, low-sulfur coal, and industrial goods such as petroleum, chemicals, housing materials, food and beverages. BNSF\u2019s shipments help feed, clothe, supply, and power American homes and businesses every day. BNSF and its employees have developed one of the most technologically advanced, and efficient railroads in the industry. We work continuously to improve the value of the safety, service, energy, and environmental benefits we provide to our customers and the communities we serve. You can learn more about BNSF at www.BNSF.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190304005674/en/SOURCE: BNSF Railway CompanyJoe Sloan\n303-480-6219\nJoe.Sloan@bnsf.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "BNSF Plans $105 Million Capital Program in Oklahoma for 2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bull-trend-survives-shot-across-bow-sp-500-narrowly-holds-major-support-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 12:03 p.m. ET", "article": "Technically speaking, the major U.S. benchmarks have weathered a respectable late-month market downdraft \u2014 at least so far.On a headline basis, the S&P 500 has narrowly maintained major support \u2014 notching consecutive closes closely matching the 2,800 mark \u2014 and the successful retest preserves a guardedly bullish bias.Before detailing the U.S. markets\u2019 wider view, the S&P 500\u2019s", "title": "Bull trend survives shot across bow, S&P 500 narrowly holds major support"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazons-stock-climbs-09-toward-5-mo-high-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 10:02 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/poly-announces-integration-of-amazon-chime-and-alexa-for-business-with-polycom-trio-and-amazon-alexa-with-plantronics-voyager-4200-uc-headsets-2019-03-19-1218403": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "SANTA CRUZ, Mar 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SANTA CRUZ, Calif., March 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Plantronics, Inc. PLT, -1.09% (\"Poly\"), a global communications company that powers human connection and collaboration, today announced the integration of two Amazon Web Services (AWS) solutions - Amazon Chime and Alexa for Business - with the Trio conference phone. The combination of these products can deliver an elevated meeting experience for users, offering new voice commands to manage meetings and activate third-party devices. To help workers be more productive in the office and on-the-go, Voyager 4200 UC headsets will feature Alexa Built-in.\"Poly is on a mission to build bridges with the leading companies in voice, video cloud technology and beyond,\" said Cary Bran, senior vice president and chief strategy office. \"By leveraging Amazon Web Services, we can continue to offer crisp visuals and clear audio across multiple business ecosystems and devices so that our users can focus on communication - not the technology. We're eager to bring Poly devices to a wider customer set while sharing new features with existing users.\"\"Alexa for Business helps customers use voice to simplify meeting rooms, and we have been working with Poly to make the meeting experience even simpler by integrating Amazon Alexa into Trio devices,\" said Collin Davis, general manager, Alexa for Business, Amazon Web Services, Inc. \"With this integration, customers can start using Amazon Alexa with their existing Trio devices without having to add additional hardware to their meeting rooms.\"\"At University of Arizona we are committed to technology innovation and driving efficiencies in the way we work. We have a goal to simplify our meeting room experiences, with zero-touch when possible. As a customer, we are very excited that Trio and Alexa for Business are integrated to enable a hands-free, voice-driven experience across all our conference rooms,\" said Derek Masseth, chief technology officer, University IT Services (UITS), University of Arizona.Amazon Chime and Alexa for Business with Polycom TrioPoly is leveraging AWS to enable the ultimate voice-activated meeting experience in conference rooms and the future of the workplace. With Amazon Alexa on Trio, users can access all Alexa for Business skills to start and end meetings, and book rooms, as well as build private skills for their own meeting environments. Amazon Alexa is also integrated with third-party applications such as Skype for Business, Zoom, BlueJeans, and Cisco WebEx. Alexa for Business calendars and Amazon Chime meetings will sync with and display meeting schedules on Trio, which includes a convenient click-to-join function.Alexa Built-in with Voyager 4200 UC\nWith the integration of Alexa into Voyager 4200 UC, workers now have access to their own voice assistant to get more done. Just tap-and-ask, and Amazon Alexa* will respond so users can focus on their tasks at hand. Voyager 4200 UC headsets will integrate with Plantronics Manager Pro, the software-as-a-service (SaaS) subscription (sold separately) so IT professionals can choose to enable or disable users' ability to register their headsets with Amazon Alexa.The integration of Amazon Chime and Alexa for Business with Trio is expected to be available globally to Plantronics and AWS users in April 2019. The integration of Amazon Alexa into Voyager 4200 UC headsets is this spring.*Also requires Amazon Alexa App.About Poly\nPoly is a global communications company that powers meaningful human connection and collaboration. Poly combines legendary audio expertise and powerful video and conferencing capabilities to overcome the distractions, complexity and distance that make communication in and out of the workplace challenging. Poly believes in solutions that make life easier when they work together and with our partners' services. Our headsets, software, desk phones, audio and video conferencing, analytics and services are used worldwide and are a leading choice for every kind of workspace. For more information, please visit www.poly.com.All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.Poly Media Contacts:Shannon Shamoon\nPoly\nM: +1 (831) 201-9142\nshannon.shamoon@poly.comAlexa Waltz\nFleishmanHillard\nO: +1 (415) 318-4110; M: +1 (415) 336-8457\nAlexa.Waltz@Ffleishman.comA photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/08145da0-067f-4f8b-9a18-91eec9a01057(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Poly Announces Integration of Amazon Chime and Alexa for Business With Polycom Trio and Amazon Alexa With Plantronics Voyager 4200 UC Headsets"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bnsf-plans-140-million-capital-program-in-nebraska-for-2019-2019-02-27": {"date": "Feb 27, 2019 12:04 p.m. ET", "article": "BNSF Railway Company (BNSF) today announced that its 2019 capital expenditure program in Nebraska will be approximately $140 million and will remain focused on maintenance projects to ensure BNSF continues to operate a safe and reliable rail network. The largest component of this year\u2019s capital plan in the state will be for replacing and upgrading the main components for the tracks on which BNSF trains operate including rail, rail ties and ballast.The 2019 maintenance program in Nebraska includes approximately 1,290 miles of track surfacing and/or undercutting work as well as the replacement of about 55 miles of rail and about 130,000 ties. BNSF has invested more than $880 million to expand and maintain its network in the state since 2014.\u201cMaintaining a strong infrastructure in Nebraska ensures that the state\u2019s economy continues to grow by linking it to markets around the globe,\u201d said Leif Smith, general manager of operations, Powder River Division. \u201cProviding a world class rail service is critical to meeting our customer\u2019s demands.\u201dThe 2019 planned capital investments in the state are part of BNSF\u2019s $3.57 billion network-wide capital expenditure program announced earlier this month. These investments include roughly $2.47 billion to replace and maintain core network and related assets, approximately $760 million on expansion and efficiency projects and about $340 million for freight cars and other equipment acquisitions.About BNSFBNSF Railway is one of North America\u2019s leading freight transportation companies. BNSFoperatesapproximately 32,500 route miles of track in 28 states and also operates in three Canadian provinces. BNSF is one of the top transporters of consumer goods, grain and agricultural products, low-sulfur coal, and industrial goods such as petroleum, chemicals, housing materials, food and beverages. BNSF\u2019s shipments help feed, clothe, supply, and power American homes and businesses every day. BNSF and its employees have developed one of the most technologically advanced, and efficient railroads in the industry. We work continuously to improve the value of the safety, service, energy, and environmental benefits we provide to our customers and the communities we serve. You can learn more about BNSF at www.BNSF.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190227005697/en/SOURCE: BNSF Railway CompanyAndy Williams\n817-867-6369\nAndy.Williams@bnsf.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "BNSF Plans $140 Million Capital Program in Nebraska for 2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-announces-new-streaming-service-featuring-original-content-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 2:42 p.m. ET", "article": "Apple Inc. aapl unveiled its long-awaited video streaming service on Monday, featuring original programming and offering an ability to purchase channels like HBO and Showtime from within Apple's platform. Apple's original TV offering, as well as the new Apple TV+ service, will play nicely with other offerings in the media landscape. Users will be able to watch Apple TV's bundled content on Roku Inc. roku and Amazon.com Inc. amzn streaming devices and also on various smart TVs. The company brought on stars from many of its forthcoming shows, including Reese Witherspoon, Jennifer Aniston and Sara Bareilles, to preview the programming. Apple TV+ will arrive in the fall in 100 countries, and content will be available for download. Apple didn't discuss pricing for the service. Shares are down 1.8% in afternoon trading, while Roku's stock is up 3.5%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple announces new streaming service featuring original content"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazons-stock-jumps-after-keybanc-upgrade-makes-bullish-calls-unanimous-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 6:50 a.m. ET", "article": "Shares of Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.48% jumped 1.4% in premarket trade Friday, after analyst Edward Yruma at KeyBanc Capital turned bullish on the e-commerce and cloud giant, citing moves the company is making to improve profitability in its core retail business. Yruma raised his rating to overweight, after being at sector weight since April 2017, and set a $2,100 stock price target. Yruma was the last holdout, of the 45 analysts surveyed by FactSet, that wasn't yet bullish on Amazon. He joined the bandwagon, saying Amazon now appears to be working to improve retail margins, which could drive mid-term earnings above current Wall Street expectations. \"We see an inflection point in Amazon's profits over the next three years driven by improving retail margin expansion coupled with the mix shift to higher margin AWS and advertising segments that combined could top $100 billion by 2022 (25% of sales) vs. $10 billion in 2015,\" Yruma wrote in a note to clients. Amazon's stock has surged 5.9% over the past three months through Thursday while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.14% has gained 8.0%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Amazon's stock jumps after KeyBanc upgrade makes bullish calls unanimous"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/want-to-banish-plastic-from-your-life-here-are-some-products-to-get-you-started-2018-08-01": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 7:04 a.m. ET", "article": "Has the U.S. reached a breaking point when it comes to plastic?March 22 is the United Nations World Water Day, a day of awareness to reduce waste and tackling the worldwide water crisis. \u201cMarginalized groups \u2013 women, children, refugees, indigenous peoples, disabled people and many others \u2013 are often overlooked, and sometimes face discrimination, as they try to access and manage the safe water they need,\u201d according to the United Nations.Some consumers have also taken steps to reduce the plastic they\u2019re using. That includes everything from plastic bottles to plastic straws. There\u2019s plenty of work to do on that front: The U.S. has one of the lowest recycling rates of any developed nation, according to the Natural Resources Defense Council, a nonprofit based in New York.If you\u2019re trying to cut back, here are a few easy ways to do it:Americans in 2016 chugged 39.3 gallons of bottled water per capita, up from just five gallons each in 1986. And yet bottled water has the smallest environmental footprint of all packaged beverages, said Jill Culora, a spokeswoman for the International Bottled Water Association. Bottled water containers are 100% recyclable, she said.\u201cIn addition, bottled water containers are the most common item in curbside recycling programs, recycled at a rate of 53.9%,\u201d she added.But if you\u2019re trying to save money, or you don\u2019t think you\u2019ll recycle your bottle, stick to a reusable one you can refill. Some trendy versions can be expensive, at $30 or more, but there are also many available at low price points.You may love visiting your local coffee shop or a large chain, but you can still do it without using a single-use cup. Many shops will fill a reusable mug or tumbler for you and might even give you a discount for using one. (Starbucks offers a 10-cent discount to consumers who bring their own cups.) More expensive versions act as de facto flasks and keep beverages hot for hours.If you like using straws to sip on a soda or a seltzer, consider investing in one you can bring to restaurants yourself. There are metal straws in stainless steel or copper that you can buy easily at major retailers like Amazon AMZN, -0.16% Target TGT, +0.34%   and Walmart WMT, +0.08% Glass straws are also an option, like these made from \u201cultra-durable beaker glass\u201d from CB2.Kraft Heinz KHC, -0.27% last year became the latest company to commit to reducing plastic waste. The food manufacturer will make all of its packaging recyclable, reusable or compostable by 2025. \u201cWe owe it to current and future generations who call this planet \u2018home\u2019 to find better packaging solutions and actively progress efforts to improve recycling rates,\u201d said Bernardo Hees, Kraft Heinz\u2019s chief executive, in a statement.Kraft joins a growing list of companies who have made their own commitments to cutting back on disposable plastic. Starbucks SBUX, +0.15%  said in July it will eliminate plastic straws from more than 28,000 of its stores by 2020. And cities including Seattle, Miami Beach and San Luis Obispo, Calif., have banned plastic straws entirely.Pack it up yourself: If you\u2019re in a takeout rut, you\u2019re not alone. Food and the packaging that surrounds it makes up almost 45% of all the materials in U.S. landfills, according to the Environmental Protection Agency. And that all adds up: Americans throw out about $165 billion worth of food every year, according to NRDC.But reusable food storage containers can help. Try packing a lunch for work and putting it in a reusable container, like a bento box or a glass bowl with a lid. You can also use cloth sandwich bags or sealed silicone bags to keep leftovers and produce in the refrigerator. And if you\u2019re still ordering takeout, the National Audubon Society, a nonprofit environmental organization, recommends asking the restaurant not to include plastic cutlery.This suggestion is a common tip in reducing-plastic campaigns: Bring your own bag to the grocery store instead of taking a plastic one. It may even make you look smart. But the kind of bag you use instead matters. Creating the bag itself takes a toll on the environment, particularly if it\u2019s imported from Asia, so commit to using the bag over an extended period.To be better for the environment than a single-use plastic bag, polyethylene bags must be used four times, a polypropylene bag must be used at least 11 times, and a cotton bag must be used at least 131 times, according to a study by the U.K. Environment Agency.There are also ways to cut down on waste while you\u2019re cleaning. You can buy dishwasher detergent in bulk, or even create some of your own cleaning products out of materials like vinegar and baking soda, according to Zero Waste Home, the blog about a family of four that says they only create a quart-sized jar of waste per year. Try bringing reusable garment bags and your own hangers to the dry cleaner, or finding one who commits to sustainability and provides their own.Switch to a razor that you can switch the blades on, rather than using disposable plastic ones, suggested Treehugger, a website about sustainability. That will save some of the plastic you\u2019d otherwise be throwing in the trash every couple weeks.(This story was updated on March 22, 2019.)Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Want to banish plastic straws and water bottles from your life? Here\u2019s a game plan"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/microsofts-stock-riding-7-day-win-streak-toward-another-record-close-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 1:46 p.m. ET", "article": "Shares of Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.42% rose 0.8% in afternoon trade Monday, putting them on track for a 7th-straight gain toward a 2nd-straight record close. The win streak would be the longest since it rose for 8-straight sessions as of Aug. 9, 2018. The software and cloud-computing company continues to hold its lead as the largest U.S. company by market capitalization, ahead of second-place Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.08% third-place Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.03% and fourth-place Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.61% Wall Street analysts are overwhelming bullish on Microsoft's stock, as 31 of 34 analysts surveyed by FactSet rate it the equivalent of buy, 2 rate it a hold and just one rates it the equivalent of sell. The average price target of $126.37 implies an 8.1% climb from current levels. Microsoft shares have soared 24% over the past 12 months, while Apple's stock has gained 5.5%, Amazon shares have tacked on 11% and Alphabet shares have edged up 4.6%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.13% has gained 3.7% the past year.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Microsoft's stock riding 7-day win streak toward another record close"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/homeservices-of-america-is-now-the-countrys-largest-real-estate-company-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 6:05 a.m. ET", "article": "HomeServices of America, a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, today announced that it has earned the title of the country\u2019s largest residential real estate company based on transaction sides, according to the REAL Trends 500 report. In 2018, the company\u2019s sales associates closed 346,629 residential transactions reflecting a 5.6% increase over 2017. The REAL Trends ranking is based on 2018 closed transaction sides for the country's top-500 brokerages.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190327005176/en/\u201c2018 was a year of incredible growth and strategic expansion and we couldn\u2019t be more proud that we have achieved this No. 1 industry ranking,\u201d said Ron Peltier, executive chairman of HomeServices. \u201cThis milestone is a testament to the commitment and hard work of thousands of employees and tens of thousands of talented agents and sales managers across HomeServices who deliver an exceptional real estate experience to their buyers and sellers.\u201d\u201cThis is a turning point in our history and we congratulate our incredible employees and agents who work tirelessly to help their clients achieve the American dream of home ownership,\u201d added Gino Blefari, CEO of HomeServices. \u201cThis achievement is a culmination of years of hard work and while we are celebrating this moment, we are not resting on our laurels. HomeServices is dedicated to continued growth both organically and through strategic acquisitions and we are committed to modernizing the home-transaction experience for buyers and sellers and the process by which our agents serve them.\u201dHeadquartered in Minneapolis, HomeServices has nearly 44,000 real estate professionals operating in nearly 900 offices across 30 states and the District of Columbia. In 2018, the company\u2019s sales associates facilitated nearly $136 billion in residential real estate sales, nearly 347,000 home-sale transactions, and nearly 323,000 mortgage, insurance, title, and escrow transactions.About HomeServices of AmericaHeadquartered in Minneapolis, MN, HomeServices is the country\u2019s largest residential real estate brokerage company and, through its national network of market-leading operating companies, is a premier provider of integrated homeownership services including residential real estate brokerage services, mortgage originations, title and closing services, property and casualty insurance and home warranties. HomeServices of America is the owner of the award-winning Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices and Real Living Real Estate franchise networks. HomeServices is owned by Berkshire Hathaway Energy, a consolidated subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. HomeServices Relocation, LLC, is the full-service relocation arm of HomeServices of America, which provides every aspect of domestic and international relocation to corporations around the world.Information about HomeServices is available at www.homeservices.com.About REAL Trends:REAL Trends has been The Trusted Source for news, analysis and information about the residential real estate industry since 1987. We are a privately-held publishing, communications and consulting company based in Castle Rock, Colorado. Residential real estate leaders find timely and trusted information and analysis through our yearly event\u2014Gathering of Eagles\u2014our monthly newsletter and other publications.To view the rankings, go to https://www.realtrends.com/rankings/rt500.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190327005176/en/SOURCE: HomeServices of AmericaCaroline Underwood\nKreps DeMaria PR\nP. 305.588.7108\nE. cunderwood@krepspr.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "HomeServices of America\u00ae is Now the Country\u2019s Largest Real Estate Company"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-clings-to-gain-as-stocks-post-mixed-finish-amid-lingering-global-growth-worries-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 4:04 p.m. ET", "article": "Stocks posted a mixed finish Monday as worries over global economic growth continued to cast a cloud over financial markets. The S&P 500 SPX, -0.10% fell 0.1% to finish near 2,798, according to preliminary figures, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.01% rose around 15 points, or 0.1%, to close near 25,517. The Nasdaq Composite COMP, -0.20% ended around 5 points lower near 7,638, off 0.1%. All three indexes sold off sharply on Friday as a closely watched measure of the yield curve inverted, a phenomenon that has been a reliable precursor to a recession, albeit with a lag of a year or more. Shares of Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.98% fell 1.2% to lead Dow decliners after the company unveiled a suite of new products, including its long-awaited video streaming service.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Dow clings to gain as stocks post mixed finish amid lingering global growth worries"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/uptick-newswire-hosts-alpine-4-technologies-on-the-stock-day-video-show-to-discuss-exponential-q1-growth-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 8:33 a.m. ET", "article": "March 14, 2019 (ACCESSWIRE via COMTEX) -- PHOENIX, AZ / ACCESSWIRE / March 14, 2019 / Uptick Newswire welcomed Alpine 4 Technologies (ALPP) (''the Company''), a publicly traded conglomerate that is acquiring businesses that fit into its disruptive DSF business model of Drivers, Stabilizers, and Facilitators. CEO, Kent Wilson, joined Stock Day Video Show host Connie Colella.To begin the interview, Colella asked Wilson to share with viewers some more information about what the Company does. Wilson explained, ''Alpine 4 is a uniquely positioned holding company.''. He added that the Company is similar to Berkshire Hathaway and the earlier years of GE. ''We're looking at a highly diversified landscape of businesses that we will invest or acquire in, and it's usually geared around our business model called, DSF.'', he explained.Colella then asked Wilson to explain the Company's DSF business model. ''DSF stands for Driver, Stabilizer, and Facilitator.'', explained Wilson. He further shared that this is essentially a classification method used to categorize companies of interest. The Driver category refers to a company that is relatively new and has a technology segment with a high potential for growth. These companies are typically disruptive in nature and are involved in a market that may not be fully established yet. The Stabilizer category involves companies that have a steady revenue stream and established customer base. Meanwhile, the Facilitator category includes companies with differing business segments that are able to work together to create a competitive advantage.Colella then noted that the Company has recently acquired their first Stabilizer company, Morris Sheet Metal, and asked Wilson how this will affect their bottom line. Wilson shared that adding a Stabilizer company took longer than expected, but now that this segment of their business model has been achieved it will have a substantial impact on their revenues.Colella then asked about the Company's recent development, SPECTRUMebos. Wilson explained that ''ebos' stands for enterprise business operating system. ''Nothing out there is really geared toward the micro-cap to mid-cap space. So, as we looked to a solution to manage our subsidiaries effectively, there wasn't a solution out there.'', stated Wilson when explaining the void in the industry that SPECTRUMebos fills. ''We've been able to build out a dynamic and forward-thinking platform that will allow growth across all of our subsidiaries. Our goal is that once we mature that product out, we can offer it to other companies that need a more robust system.'', he added.Colella then noted that the Company's revenue has been growing steadily over the last few years and asked about 2019 projections compared to 2018 revenues. ''Well, I'm proud to announce here today that our growth for Q1 in 2019 is expected to be 85% over Q1 of 2018.'', shared Wilson. ''We're growing at an astronomical level.'', he added.Wilson explained that the Company is able to handle its explosive growth through its developments like SPECTRUMebos, as well as by working as efficiently as possible as a team. Wilson also shared that the Company is expected to become net profitable in 2019. ''We're really expecting to hit our stride in late Q2.'', stated Wilson. Looking forward even further into 2019, Wilson shared that he expects the Company to hit between $29-$30 million in revenue. With addition of one to two subsidiaries, this number could rise to about $45-$50 million in revenue.To close the interview, Wilson shared that Alpine 4 Technologies is a unique investment choice among other options on the market. For investors interested in companies with a long-term strategy and developing infrastructure, Alpine 4 Technologies is a great option. ''We have big aspirations for Alpine 4 and we believe that our DSF business model will change the world.'', closed Wilson.To hear Kent Wilson's entire interview, follow the link to the video here: https://upticknewswire.com/featured-video-kent-wilson-of-alpine-4-technologies-ltd-otcqb-alpp/Investors Hangout is a proud sponsor of \"Stock Day,'' and Uptick Newswire encourages listeners to visit the company's message board at https://investorshangout.com/About Alpine 4 Technologies:Alpine 4 Technologies, Ltd (ALPP) is a publicly traded conglomerate that is acquiring businesses that fit into its disruptive DSF business model of Drivers, Stabilizers and Facilitators. At Alpine 4, we understand the nature of how technology and innovation can accentuate a business. Our focus is on how the adaptation of new technologies, including brick and mortar businesses, can drive innovation. We also believe that our holdings should benefit synergistically from each other and that the ability to have collaboration across varying industries can spawn new ideas and create fertile ground for competitive advantages. This unique perspective has culminated in the development of our Blockchain enabled Enterprise Business Operating System called SPECTRUMebos.Forward-Looking Statements:The information disclosed in this press release is made as of the date hereof and reflects Alpine 4 most current assessment of its historical financial performance. Actual financial results filed with the SEC may differ from those contained herein due to timing delays between the date of this release and confirmation of final audit results. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements including, without limitation, the risks, uncertainties, including the uncertainties surrounding the current market volatility, and other factors the Company identifies from time to time in its filings with the SEC. Although Alpine 4 believes that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and, as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be incorrect. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this release are made as of the date hereof, and Alpine 4 disclaims any intention or obligation to update the forward-looking statements for subsequent events.Contact:Investor RelationsInvestorrelations@alpine4.comAbout Uptick Newswire and the ''Stock Day Video Show''Founded in 2013, Uptick Newswire is the fastest growing media outlet for Nano-Cap and Micro-Cap companies. It educates investors while simultaneously working with penny stock and OTC companies, providing transparency and clarification of under-valued, under-sold Micro-Cap stocks of the market. Uptick provides companies with customized solutions to their news distribution in both national and international media outlets. Uptick is the sole producer of the ''Stock Day Video Show'', which is an extension of Uptick Newswire, located in Phoenix, Arizona.Media Contact:Uptick Newswire602-441-3474https://upticknewswire.com/SOURCE: Uptick NewswireView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/538992/Uptick-Newswire-Hosts-Alpine-4-Technologies-on-The-Stock-Day-Video-Show-to-Discuss-Exponential-Q1-GrowthCopyright 2019 ACCESSWIRE", "title": "Uptick Newswire Hosts Alpine 4 Technologies on The Stock Day Video Show to Discuss Exponential Q1 Growth"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/buffett-criticizes-others-for-using-non-standard-accounting-metricsbut-he-does-too-2019-02-26": {"date": "Feb 27, 2019 8:40 a.m. ET", "article": "Berkshire Hathaway\u2019s Warren Buffett adjusts his bottom line with unconventional accounting, just like the Wall Street bankers and corporate CEOs he frequently criticizes for adjusting standard earnings to tell a better story.The difference is that Buffett doesn\u2019t explicitly call the number he\u2019d rather investors focus on an \u201cadjusted EBITDA.\u201dIn his most recent letter to shareholders, Buffett claims his brand of earnings adjustment is a \u201cfar cry\u201d from the presentations made by others. Too often, he writes, their presentations feature \u201cadjusted EBITDA,\u201d a measure that redefines \u201cearnings\u201d to exclude a variety of what Buffett says are \u201call-too-real\u201d costs. In particular, Buffett rails against claims that stock-based compensation should not be counted as an expense. He also says expenses for restructurings are common in business\u2014Berkshire\u2019s shareholders see the impact of those activities.However, Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.03%  does use certain non-GAAP financial measures regularly. Every period it adjusts for losses and gains on its investment portfolio, a routine GAAP expense made more significant for Berkshire Hathaway now that companies must also record the impact of unrealized gains and losses in their bottom-line number.For more info: Why Buffett will keep Berkshire Hathaway reporting earnings during the weekendIn its fourth quarter earnings release, Berkshire adjusts GAAP net income for the nearly $27.6 billion net loss on its investment portfolio for just one quarter, as well as a $3 billion hit for its share of the Kraft Heinz $15 billion write-down of goodwill and intangible assets that reflects deteriorating brand value.Kraft Heinz adjusted out its $15 billion loss in its earnings release.Read: Why the $15.4 billion Kraft Heinz brand write-down was unusualGenerally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, are the standard accounting rules all U.S. listed companies must use to present their financial results. The SEC says \u201cearnings\u201d means net income as presented in the statement of operations under GAAP in its May 2016 updated guidance on the use of non-standard accounting metrics. Measures that are calculated differently than those described as EBIT and EBITDA are supposed to be distinguished with a title such as \u201cadjusted EBITDA.\u201dThe SEC asked Berkshire Hathaway in 2017 why it had not disclosed expenses related to the amortization of certain intangible assets. Buffett rationalized the move in his letter to shareholders last year: \u201cWe present the data in this manner because Charlie and I believe the adjusted numbers more accurately reflect the true economic expenses and profits of the businesses aggregated in the table than do GAAP figures,\u201d he said, referring to Charlie Munger, the vice chairman of the board.For nearly three decades, Buffett opened his letters with a discussion of another metric he loved to tout: Berkshire\u2019s per-share book value. Book value represents a company\u2019s assets minus its liabilities and is otherwise known as shareholders\u2019 equity, or simply equity.Buffett also touts a type of non-GAAP metric he calls \u201cintrinsic value\u201d, which is defined as the \u201cdiscounted value of the cash that can be taken out of a business during its remaining life.\u201dIn the 2017 letter, Buffet said: \u201cWe give you Berkshire\u2019s book-value figures, because they today serve as a rough, albeit significantly understated, tracking measure for Berkshire\u2019s intrinsic value. In other words, the percentage change in book value in any given year is likely to be reasonably close to that year\u2019s change in intrinsic value.\u201dHowever, Buffett and his partner Charlie Munger never disclose their estimates of Berkshire Hathaway\u2019s intrinsic value, because, they say, it\u2019s an estimate and very subjective.\u201cWhat our annual reports do supply, though,\u201d Buffett wrote for the 2017 annual report, \u201care the facts that we ourselves use to calculate this value.\u201dSee also: The company that makes Jack Daniel\u2019s is skirting accounting rules, experts sayRead also: Valeant is providing the media with an earnings metric that the SEC told it to stop usingBerkshire Hathaway may hold back on disclosing intrinsic value estimates because the SEC has said that \u201cfree cash flow\u201d metrics, which are non-GAAP figures, are liquidity measures. The SEC prohibits companies from disclosing per-share amounts for liquidity measures.\u201cPerhaps intrinsic value was never criticized as a non-GAAP metric because it was not an input to a company valuation model but an output,\u201d Ed Ketz, a professor of accounting at Penn State University, told MarketWatch.Berkshire Hathaway\u2019s CFO Marc Hamburg did not respond to a request for comment on the company\u2019s use of non-GAAP metrics or its acquisition record.For more, see: SEC tells companies to be careful how they talk about free cash flowTo read: Take-Two Interactive is using a revenue metric the SEC does not allow to calculate bonuses\u201cIt\u2019s now time to abandon that practice,\u201d Buffett wrote in this year\u2019s letter, referring to his discussion of the book value per-share metric\u2014because he believes it\u2019s no longer relevant.\u201cBerkshire has gradually morphed from a company whose assets are concentrated in marketable stocks into one whose major value resides in operating businesses,\u201d said the letter.Buffett\u2019s prior focus on book value per share and intrinsic value is based on his belief that it was more useful for investors to focus on what he thought acquisitions were worth. But that\u2019s after paying a premium that was recorded to goodwill, rather than the value that accounting rules said he had to assign to them.Buffett laments that \u201cwhile our equity holdings are valued at market prices, accounting rules require our collection of operating companies to be included in book value at an amount far below their current value, a mismark that has grown in recent years.\u201dBut the other half of his business is marked to market, and he doesn\u2019t like that either. That\u2019s because given the size of the portfolio\u2014nearly $173 billion at the end of 2018 \u2013 and its concentration of financial services and technology companies, it \u201cwill often experience one-day price fluctuations of $2 billion or more.\u201d In the fourth quarter, Berkshire Hathaway experienced several days with a \u201cprofit\u201d or \u201closs\u201d of more than $4 billion, he writes.That volatility is now immediately apparent in his bottom line.Buffett writes in this year\u2019s letter that Berkshire will be a significant repurchaser of its own shares going forward. Those transactions will occur at prices above book value but below his estimate of intrinsic value.\u201cOver time, however, Berkshire\u2019s stock price will provide the best measure of business performance,\u201d not book value per share or the mysterious intrinsic value, he concludes.Paul Zarowin, a professor of accounting at the Stern School of Business at New York University, told MarketWatch, \u201cIf Berkshire Hathaway is holding a lot of assets that are marked-to-market now, it makes sense that he would shift his focus to share price. A new emphasis on share repurchases is aligned with that.\u201dBerkshire\u2019s common stock repurchase program was amended on July 17, 2018, and permits Buffett to repurchase its shares at prices that are below Berkshire\u2019s intrinsic value, a value \u201cconservatively\u201d determined by Buffett and Munger, the annual report says. In 2018, Berkshire repurchased $1.3 billion worth of class A and B common stock.However, just last June Buffett, and JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon, wrote a Wall Street Journal OpEd criticizing the \u201cunhealthy focus on short-term profits at the expense of long-term strategy, growth and sustainability\u201d that is promoted by companies that provide quarterly earnings-per-share guidance.Despite his concerns that financial markets have become too focused on the short term, Buffett says Berkshire Hathaway plans to highlight its share price, not its book value per share, in future financial results.Professor Zarowin says he tends to give Buffett the benefit of the doubt and does not see these changes as self-serving given his status as an investing icon, and someone at the forefront of many great initiatives like advocating for higher taxes on the wealthy and making the Gates Foundation philanthropic Giving Pledge.\u201cEven someone with Buffett\u2019s record, however, \u2018can\u2019t fight City Hall.\u2019 Everyone is focused on share price and Berkshire Hathaway will lag the market if he doesn\u2019t move with the trends,\u201d Zarowin told MarketWatch.Read now: The Sanders-Schumer buyback test would block almost all company stock repurchasesBuffett may prefer that investors ignore the volatility of the value of the equity investment portfolio, but he admits its influence is expected to grow rather than diminish.Berkshire\u2019s reputed prowess in making brilliant acquisitions that might deflect attention from the buildup of equity investments is now history.Despite \u201choping to move much of our excess liquidity into businesses that Berkshire Hathaway will permanently own\u201d the immediate prospects for that, he writes in this year\u2019s letter, are \u201cnot good.\u201cPrices are sky-high for businesses possessing decent long-term prospects,\u201d he says.The sudden announcement of bad news at Kraft Heinz also calls into question previous disclosures and the outlook for earlier acquisitions.In 2007, for example, Berkshire Hathaway bought a 60% stake in Marmon Holdings, the industrial holding firm owned by Chicago\u2019s Pritzker family, for $4.5 billion. Buffett now owns 99.75% of the company, all but a sliver held by a family holdout, after a series of transactions where he also criticized the impact of GAAP accounting.\u201cOur transaction was done just the way Jay would have liked it to be done \u2013 no consultants or studies,\u201d Buffett said in a statement in 2007, referring to Jay Pritzker, the founder of the family\u2019s Hyatt hotel empire and uncle of J.B. Pritzker, the current governor of Illinois and his sister Penny Pritzker, a former commerce secretary under President Barack Obama.By 2012 Buffett was already complaining about the growing challenge of using book value and intrinsic value to measure his company\u2019s performance when he talked about the accounting for the deal.The Marmon deal was one of the largest acquisitions Buffett has made in recent years. Marmon had more than 125 businesses in a wide range of industries and revenues of about $7 billion at the time. It now consists of 13 diverse business sectors and more than 100 autonomous manufacturing and service businesses, according to Berkshire\u2019s latest annual report.\u201cMarmon provides an example of a clear and substantial gap existing between book value and intrinsic value. Last year I told you that we had purchased additional shares in Marmon, raising our ownership to 80% (up from the 64% we acquired in 2008). I also told you that GAAP accounting required us to immediately record the 2011 purchase on our books at far less than what we paid. I\u2019ve now had a year to think about this weird accounting rule, but I\u2019ve yet to find an explanation that makes any sense \u2013 nor can Charlie or Marc Hamburg, our CFO, come up with one,\u201d Buffett wrote in 2012.But Marmon has been struggling in the last few years. Berkshire does not disclose its individual profits anymore, but does say in its latest annual report that Marmon\u2019s pre-tax earnings decreased 5.6% in 2018 from 2017 despite a 5.5% increase in revenues to $8.2 billion. Marmon\u2019s earnings also declined in 2017 by 3.5% from 2016, despite a revenue increase of $305 million, or 4.1% this years annual report disclosed.That\u2019s not what Berkshire reported in its 2017 annual report, when it said Marmon\u2019s revenues increased by $349 million, or 7%, in 2017 versus 2016 and combined pre-tax earnings for Marmon, and International Metalworking Companies increased in 2017 compared to 2016, \u201cdue to a combination of increased sales, increased manufacturing efficiencies, the effects of business acquisitions and ongoing expense control efforts.\u201dBerkshire first invested significantly in H.J. Heinz Holding Corporation in 2013. Berkshire Hathaway owns 26.7 % of Kraft Heinz accounted for using the \u201cequity\u201d method because it\u2019s part of the control group.\u201cI was wrong in a couple of ways about Kraft Heinz,\u201d Buffett told CNBC\u2019s Becky Quick on Squawk Box on Monday. \u201cWe overpaid for Kraft,\u201d he said.\u201cThe Kraft Heinz goodwill impairment tends to prove that goodwill is not an asset but merely a comment about how much the acquirer tended to overpay for the acquired company,\u201d said Ketz from Penn State. \u201cIf there were any true synergies, these impairments would not occur.\u201dBuffett refuses to throw in the towel on acquisitions, however.In this year\u2019s letter to shareholders, he writes that he and Munger \u201ccontinue, nevertheless, to hope for an elephant-sized acquisition. Even at our ages of 88 and 95\u2014I\u2019m the young one\u2014that prospect is what causes my heart and Charlie\u2019s to beat faster.\u201dAt 88 and 95 it may be a better idea to play more bridge instead.", "title": "Buffett criticizes others for using non-standard accounting \u2014 but he does too"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-glucodownr-sales-increase-143-glucodownr-joins-glucerna-boost-slimfast-leading-diabetic-drink-category-2019-03-26-7184041": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 7:00 a.m. ET", "article": "BENTONVILLE, Mar 26, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- BENTONVILLE, Ariz., March 26, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- via OTC PR WIRE -- GLUCODOWN(R), manufactured by Glucose Health, Inc. GLUC, +2.11% is generating impressive sales growth on Amazon. GLUCODOWN(R), in its first 4-week period of Amazon availability (October-November 2018), generated revenues of $5,907 from 464 containers sold. In the latest 4-week period (February-March 2019), GLUCODOWN(R) revenues grew to $14,334, from 1,126 containers sold; a 143% increase. Revenues from sales of GLUCODOWN(R), in the entire 20 weeks since first availability on Amazon, total $47,763 from 3,762 containers sold. Annualized GLUCODOWN(R) revenues from Amazon sales, based upon the current 4-week run rate, are projected at $186,342. Equally as impressive as increasing Amazon revenues are GLUCODOWN(R) customer satisfaction metrics; with a product return rate, over the entire 20-week period of initial availability on Amazon, of less than 1% (0.88%).GLUCODOWN(R) Lemon has earned the status of an organic (i.e. not-paid for) recommended product for consumers searching for \"Diabetic Drinks\" on Amazon joining the select group of long-established brands in the diabetic nutritional category; Abbott's Glucerna Advance, Nestle's Boost Glucose Control and SlimFast's Diabetic Weight Loss. GLUCODOWN(R) Lemon is the number one seller on Amazon among all four delicious tea mixes available for purchase.GLUCODOWN(R) Raspberry is also contributing to growing Amazon sales revenues. GLUCODOWN(R) Raspberry earned the status of an \"Amazon No. 1 New Product Release\" not only for the diabetic iced tea category but an \"Amazon No. 1 New Product Release\" for the entire iced tea category, encompassing all bottled diabetic, diet and regular sugared iced teas sold on Amazon. GLUCODOWN(R) Raspberry is also the first of the four tea mixes to sell-out on Amazon (next availability on Amazon May 2019).Amazon sales of GLUCODOWN(R) are being driven by the GLUCODOWN(R) TV commercial, \"Available on Amazon,\" which is airing now on Hallmark Movies & Mysteries and Game Show Network. Viewers of the TV commercial are directed to purchase GLUCODOWN(R) at an Amazon provided web domain and storefront (www.amazon.com/glucodown).About Glucose Health, Inc. GLUC, +2.11%Manufactured by Glucose Health, Inc. GLUC, +2.11% GLUCODOWN(R) is the premier functional tea beverage in the diabetic nutritional consumer category, which encompasses the more than 100 million Americans estimated to be diabetic or pre-diabetic, by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.(1) GLUCODOWN(R) is a unique and compelling functional beverage and the first tea mix enriched with healthy soluble fiber. Glucose Health, Inc. is a publicly-traded company with the ticker symbol GLUC, +2.11% GLUCODOWN(R) is proudly manufactured in the USA in Arkansas and Minnesota.(1) National Diabetes Statistics Review, 2017; Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Department of Health and Human Services.Contact:Glucose Health, Inc.\nMurray Fleming\n(479) 802-3827(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Amazon GLUCODOWN(R) Sales Increase 143%; GLUCODOWN(R) Joins Glucerna, Boost & SlimFast Leading Diabetic Drink Category"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/berkshire-hathaway-insurance-group-announces-the-formation-of-berkshire-hathaway-european-insurance-dac-2019-03-05": {"date": "Mar 5, 2019 4:59 a.m. ET", "article": "Berkshire Hathaway Insurance Group today announced that Berkshire Hathaway European Insurance DAC (BHEI) has been granted a Certificate of Authorization by the Central Bank of Ireland to operate as an insurer in Ireland and the European Economic Area (EEA). Incorporated in the Republic of Ireland and based in Dublin, BHEI will operate as a Designated Activity Company, providing service to the company\u2019s customers and brokers in Ireland and, using European freedom of services rights, across the EEA. BHEI will be the insurance company utilized by a number of Berkshire Hathaway\u2019s insurance brands operating in the EEA, including Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance, MedPro, and Faraday.Where necessary or required, EEA business previously transacted through BHEI\u2019s UK based direct parent Berkshire Hathaway International Insurance Limited (BHIIL) will be transferred from BHIIL to BHEI, in accordance with applicable law, to achieve a smooth transition for its customers and brokers upon the UK leaving the European Union. BHIIL, however, will continue to operate its significant general insurance business in the UK market and overseas under its existing licenses. BHEI intends to commence writing business by the end of March 2019.In the EEA, Berkshire Hathaway European Insurance DAC is incorporated in the Republic of Ireland as a Designated Activity Company and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway International Insurance Limited (BHIIL), an incorporated England and Wales limited liability company, Registration Number 3230337 and Registered Office at 8 Fenchurch Place, 4 [th] Floor, London EC3M 4AJ, United Kingdom. BHIIL is an affiliate of each of Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Company (www.bhspecialty.com), MedPro Group (www.medpro.com) and Faraday Group (www.faraday.com).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190305005253/en/SOURCE: Berkshire Hathaway Insurance Group and Berkshire Hathaway Specialty InsuranceMEDIA\nJoAnn Lee / +1 617-936-2937Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Berkshire Hathaway Insurance Group Announces the Formation of Berkshire Hathaway European Insurance DAC"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/parents-can-spend-47000-or-more-per-year-to-help-their-children-apply-to-college-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 7:51 a.m. ET", "article": "The college admissions scandal exposed the amount of money some parents will spend to guarantee their children a spot at a top college.But across the country, families with more modest means regularly shell out to give their kids every advantage possible. In some cases, like SAT prep courses or independent college counseling, that spending is directly related to ensuring a student\u2019s college application is as competitive as possible.In others, such as buying a home in a good public school district or paying for violin lessons, the spending theoretically provides benefits beyond a college application.Assuming students attend private school, participate in at least four years of each of these categories of extracurricular activities, and parents hire SAT tutors and independent consultants to help students prepare their college applications, families could wind up spending more than $200,000 preparing a student to apply to college before they ever get there. In many areas of the country the cost would likely get even higher.Below is a snapshot of how much families might could spend on preparing their children to apply to college.The ability to spend on extra help studying for a standardized test, making a college list or playing on a travel basketball team, is one of many ways wealth confers an advantage in the college process. Though income levels play an obvious role in whether parents can afford these extras, a family\u2019s financial status can also affect whether parents are willing and able to gamble on these activities as a long-term investment.In a poll published Monday, by the University of Michigan\u2019s C.S. Mott Children\u2019s Hospital, nearly 30% of parents said the cost for their middle- and high-school children to participate in school activities \u2014 school-sponsored sports teams, plays or other extracurricular activities \u2014 was higher than they expected.And three times as many low-income parents as wealthier parents said the benefits of these activities were not worth the cost. What\u2019s more, the poll found that 55% of parents said these activities helped boost their child\u2019s college application. That\u2019s far fewer than the more than 70% who said that the activities helped their kids learn what they like to do or make friends.While it\u2019s good that parents are recognizing the intrinsic benefits of students\u2019 participating in extracurricular activities, Sarah Clark, an associate research scientist in University of Michigan Medicine\u2019s Pediatrics Department, and the author of the study, said she worries that if parents don\u2019t believe there are other, tangible benefits to their kids\u2019 participating in these activities \u2014 like getting into college \u2014 they may be deterred.That\u2019s likely to be particularly true if a family has limited funds and needs to make a trade-off between another expense and paying for extracurricular activities or if a student may need to give up time earning money for their family to act in a play or be on the swim team, she said.\u201cPart of what can play into the un-level playing field is different parent understanding and attitudes about the extent to which these extracurricular school activities do anything for their child,\u201d Clark said. \u201cI do think it contributes to some kids not necessarily having the same encouragement and opportunity to engage in some of these things.\u201dClark\u2019s research indicates that schools do offer some extracurricular programs for free, usually intramural sports or arts-related activities and, in some cases, they offer fee waivers or scholarships for families who may struggle to afford the fee for a varsity sports team or other program, though those are rarely advertised, she said.On the other hand, families who can afford to spend money on these types of activities, and belong to a social circle where such spending is typical, can feel pressure to pay for a child\u2019s extra music lesson beyond the school orchestra or the equipment and fees necessary to play on a travel soccer team, in addition to the school\u2019s varsity squad.In a 2016 survey of parents with investable assets of at least $25,000, TD Ameritrade AMTD, +0.52%  found that 23% of families cut back on retirement saving and 11% cut back on saving for college to afford the cost of their kids\u2019 participating in youth sports.The reasons why parents are so willing to spend money on sports and other extracurricular activities are varied, said Dara Luber, senior manager of retirement at TD Ameritrade. There may be an interest in bragging on Facebook FB, +0.21%  or Twitter TWTR, -0.18%  about a child\u2019s home run or, more practically, they believe their investment will pay off.About 67% of parents surveyed, all of whom were relatively higher-income, said they hoped the money they spent on youth sports would result in a college scholarship, a far higher percentage than is actually the case.\u201cIt\u2019s no secret that today parenting is obviously very different than it was a generation or two ago,\u201d Luber said. \u201cParents want to help their children pursue their dreams no matter what the toll is on their finances.\u201dGet a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Here\u2019s how much wealthy parents spend to legally give their kids an edge in the college acceptance race"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/trump-today-president-warns-venezuela-of-tougher-sanctions-and-brands-kellyanne-conways-husband-a-total-loser-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 4:37 p.m. ET", "article": "President Donald Trump warned Venezuela of even tougher sanctions on Tuesday, as he accused social-media giants of bias and attacked adviser Kellyanne Conway\u2019s husband.VENEZUELA WARNINGSAt a Rose Garden news conference with Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, Trump said the U.S. can be \u201ca lot tougher\u201d with sanctions on Venezuela, where the White House opposes the regime of Nicolas Maduro and has recognized opposition leader Juan Guaido as president. Trump said that \u201call options are on the table\u201d as a response to the Maduro regime.The president also told reporters he\u2019s supporting Brazil\u2019s effort to join the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the Paris-based intergovernmental group focused on economics and trade. In addition, Trump said he\u2019s looking at support for Brazil\u2019s entry into the North Atlantic Treaty Organization \u2014 voicing support for Brazil to join two major multinational organizations.Live blog recap: Trump pledges scrutiny of social media companies and says \u2018all options on table\u2019 for Venezuela in news conference with Bolsonaro.SLAMMING SOCIAL MEDIAFrequent Twitter TWTR, -0.39%   user Trump attacked that and other social media platforms by saying in a tweet they are \u201csooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats\u201d and telling reporters \u201csomething is happening\u201d with the companies\u2019 leadership. \u201cWe have to get to the bottom of it,\u201d he said, without elaborating.Hours before the news conference, Trump said he\u2019d be \u201clooking into\u201d Facebook\u2019s FB, +0.18%   blocking of his social media chief, Dan Scavino. The company said Tuesday Scavino\u2019s postings were mistakenly reported as spam and apologized for temporarily blocking him.See: Facebook apologizes for temporarily blocking Trump's social media guru.Now read: Trump already blitzing Facebook, Google with ads as Democrats struggle to catch up.CONWAY AND MCCAINTrump described George Conway, who is married to senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, as a \u201ctotal loser\u201d in response to a tweet posted by Brad Parscale, the president\u2019s 2020 campaign manager. George Conway has questioned the president\u2019s mental state and tweeted Sunday that Trump\u2019s \u201ccondition is getting worse.\u201d Trump's tweet prompted a response by Conway, who said more people would learn about his \u201cnarcissistic personality disorder.\u201dTrump also escalated his attack on former Sen. John McCain, who died in August, telling reporters he was \u201cnever a fan of John McCain, and I never will be.\u201d Last weekend, Trump tweeted comments critical of the late Arizona Republican.Also read: Meghan McCain calls Trump \u2018pathetic\u2019 for continued attacks against her late father.Receive these updates via email. Sign up to get our daily summary of \"Everything President Trump did today.\" Sign up here.", "title": "Trump Today: President warns Venezuela of tougher sanctions and brands Kellyanne Conway\u2019s husband a \u2018total loser\u2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-stock-gains-after-keybanc-analyst-is-last-to-jump-on-bullish-bandwagon-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 17, 2019 9:51 a.m. ET", "article": "It\u2019s now unanimous\u2014100% of the analysts surveyed by FactSet who cover Amazon.com Inc. are now bullish.KeyBanc Capital analyst Edward Yruma was the last holdout, until he raised his rating Friday to overweight, after being at sector weight since April 2017, citing the belief that the company is now \u201csolving for profitability\u201d in its retail business. He set his stock price target at $2,100, which is about 23% above current levels.The stock AMZN, -0.42% surged 1.6% in afternoon trade. That lifted the e-commerce and cloud giant\u2019s market capitalization to about $842 billion, making it the third-most valuable U.S. company.Yruma said recent announcements indicate Amazon is now working to improve retail margins, which could drive earnings above the current consensus view. Among the announcements are Amazon\u2019s decision to close its pop-up stores, the introduction of \u201cAmazon Day\u201d allows for consumer pick-up days that should improve shipment costs and the rebalancing of its merchandise assortment to reduce placement of lower-margin items.\u201cWe see an inflection point in Amazon\u2019s profits over the next three years driven by improving retail margin expansion coupled with the mix shift to higher margin AWS and advertising segments that combined could top $100 billion by 2022 (25% of sales) vs. $10 billion in 2015,\u201d Yruma wrote in a note to clients.He believes Amazon\u2019s midmarket grocery business could also emerge as a margin tailwind. Grocery margins, which are generally low, can be improved \u201cdramatically\u201d if Amazon can entice customers to pick up shipments ordered online, as each retrieved order could save 75% of shipping costs, Yruma said.In a January note following Amazon\u2019s fourth-quarter earnings report, Yruma had reiterated his sector weight rating despite \u201csolid\u201d results, citing the belief the company was entering \u201ca slower phase of growth.\u201dAmazon\u2019s market value currently sits in third place, behind first-place Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.42% at $896 billion and second-place Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.94% at $882 billion, but just above Google-parent Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.62% in fourth place at $829 billion.With Yruma\u2019s upgrade, all 45 of the analysts covering Amazon have the equivalent of a \u201cbuy\u201d rating, according to FactSet. The average price target is $2,121.61 implies a market cap of $1.04 trillion, which means Wall Street expects Amazon to become the most valuable U.S. company.The following compares Wall Street\u2019s views on the rest of the top 4 most valuable companies:\u2022 Microsoft: 31 of 34 analysts are bullish, 2 are neutral and 1 is bearish. The average price target of $126.37 implies a market cap of about $970 billion.\u2022 Apple: 21 of 40 analysts are bullish, 18 are neutral and 1 is bearish. The average price target of $180.30 implies a $850 billion market cap.\u2022 Alphabet: 42 of 44 analysts are bullish and 2 are neutral. The average price target of $1,342.05 implies a market cap of roughly $933 billion.Amazon\u2019s stock has rallied 8.3% over the past 12 months, while the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.22% has gained 2.9%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.08% has advanced 4.0%, while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.17% has tacked on 2.8% over the same period.", "title": "Amazon stock gains after KeyBanc analyst is last to jump on bullish bandwagon"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/trump-already-blitzing-facebook-google-with-ads-as-democrats-struggle-to-catch-up-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 11:55 a.m. ET", "article": "Donald Trump has accused Facebook and Google of being part of a left-leaning cabal whose coverage is biased against conservatives, but that hasn\u2019t stopped the president from spending gobs of money on social media to gain an edge on Democratic foes ahead of the 2020 election.The Trump campaign has already spent $4.5 million on Facebook and Google ads, or twice as much as all the Democrats who are running against him combined, according to data compiled by Bully Pulpit Interactive, an agency that tracks spending on social media.The extent of the spending was first reported by Axios.After building up a campaign warchest for the past two years, Trump is able to target voters across the country and zero in on key states such as Florida and Pennsylvania.About three-quarters of the campaign\u2019s social-media spending has been directed toward FB, +0.21%  because of its broader reach. Nearly 70% of Americans engage on Facebook and the company has roughly 210 million users in the U.S., according to the webstite Hootsuite.Democrats are way behind. They are just getting started raising money, reaching out to potential donors and trying to build national name recognition, especially lesser known candidates such as Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar and New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand.The top spending Democrat has been Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, followed closely by California Sen. Kamala Harris and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. Yet none of them has spent more than $600,000 so far.Other candidates such as Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper and former Texas Rep. Julian Castro are way down the list. Hickenlooper has spent less than $50,000 and Castro under $4,000.While Trump floods Facebook and Google GOOG, +0.07%  with ads, he\u2019s continued to hammer away at them.\u201cFacebook, Google and Twitter, not to mention the Corrupt Media, are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not, we will win anyway, just like we did before!\u201d he tweeted Tuesday.", "title": "Trump already blitzing Facebook, Google with ads as Democrats struggle to catch up"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/pinterests-ipo-filing-5-things-investors-should-know-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 6:55 a.m. ET", "article": "Pinterest Inc. filed its first round of its much-anticipated initial public offering documents on Friday, after the market closed, and the 184-plus page S-1 had a surprise or two about the online image discovery company.The company, which appears to be attempting the sunset version of dual-class stock, is expected to go public as soon as April, according to The Wall Street Journal, and it was last valued at about $12 billion as a private company.The San Francisco-based company tried to explain itself to Wall Street, where some investors might still not understand what the company does, but it was not able to come up with something succinct or catchy such as online scrapbooking site, or an online image discovery engine.Instead, the company said: \u201cPinterest is where more than 250 million people around the world go to get inspiration for their lives. They come to discover ideas for just about anything you can imagine: daily activities like cooking dinner or deciding what to wear, major commitments like remodeling a house or training for a marathon, ongoing passions like fly fishing or fashion and milestone events like planning a wedding or a dream vacation.\u201dPinterest said it calls its users \u201cPinners\u201d and it has an apt stock symbol: PINS, and it plans to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. \u201cWe show them visual recommendations, which we call Pins, based on their personal taste and interests,\u201d Pinterest said. \u201cThey then save and organize these recommendations into collections, called boards.\u201dPinterest said that its users are about two-thirds women. It also had another interesting description of its demographics. \u201cIn the United States, our total audience includes 43% of internet users, which includes approximately 80% of women ages 18-64 with children, according to an independent study by Comscore.\u201d In its risk factors, Pinterest said that it \u201cmay not be able to penetrate certain demographics in a meaningful manner to grow the number of Pinners.\u201dThe company surprisingly had two profitable fourth quarters, but with two full years of losses. In the most recent fourth quarter, Pinterest said it had revenue of $273 million in the fourth quarter and net income of $47 million, compared with revenue of $173.3 million, and a net income of $3.4 million.Its full-year 2018 revenue surged 60% to $755.9 million, up from $472.8 million in 2017. Costs grew, but with stronger revenue in 2018, it was able to narrow its 2018 losses by half, and reported a net loss of $63 million, or 17 cents a share, down from a net loss of $130 million, or 34 cents a share, in 2017. The company only began selling advertising on its site in 2014, and it only began to expand outside the U.S. in 2016, describing these approaches as similarly deliberate.Last year, Pinterest said it amended its agreement with Amazon\u2019s AMZN, -0.14%   Web Services, so that it will have to purchase at least $750 million in cloud services from AWS through July 2023. It was also required to purchase at least $125 million (its initial commitment) of services through June 2018. If it fails to meet its commitment, it is required to pay the difference. As of December, Pinterest had fulfilled its initial commitment with Amazon, and expects to meet its remaining commitment.In a not so surprising statement, Pinterest, like many other tech companies in recent years, is going to have dual-class shares, a popular option in Silicon Valley, which worships founder control. However, Pinterest offered a more corporate governance friendly version of dual-class stock, which typically gives two or three company founders complete control of their companies into perpetuity.Pinterest will create two classes of stock, a Class A common stock that will be sold at its IPO, and a Class B common stock, that is owned by company co-founder Ben Silbermann, president and chief executive, and several other executives and early investors. The company has not yet specified what percentage of voting power the Class B shares will have, but the interesting twist is that the voting control will have a time limit, an option that has been referred to as a sunset option.However, it\u2019s still possible that this dual-class structure will still give voting control to Silbermann, but it is not yet clear. Pinterest said in its filing that all of its Class B common stock will convert into class A shares seven years after the IPO, with the exception of shares owned by anyone who still owns at least 50% of Class B. The shares will also convert to class A, after the death or incapacity of Silbermann, at a date determined by the board.Another interesting element is that Pinterest co-founder Evan Sharp, who is listed as chief design and creative officer, is not an executive officer of the company, nor is he on the board. On Thursday, both Silbermann and Sharp were each issued 7 million restricted stock units, with the conditions that they vest only if certain service based and liquidity conditions are met.Pinterest is clearly hoping it will appeal to more mainstream investors, with an easier to handle dual-class approach, that does not give its top executives control forever. But since there are still more details to come, including the total amount of funds Pinterest is seeking to raise, investors won\u2019t really know how much more friendly this approach is, until more information is available. For now, it looks like Pinterest is trying to be different.Want this type of analysis sent to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free MarketWatch First Takes newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Opinion: Pinterest\u2019s IPO filing: 5 things investors should know"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bnsf-announces-135-million-capital-program-in-illinois-for-2019-2019-03-04": {"date": "Mar 4, 2019 11:03 a.m. ET", "article": "BNSF Railway Company (BNSF) today announced that its 2019 capital expenditure program in Illinois will be approximately $135 million. Most of this year\u2019s plan in Illinois remains focused on maintenance projects to ensure BNSF continues to operate a safe and reliable rail network. The largest component of this year\u2019s capital plan in the state will be for replacing and upgrading rail, rail ties and ballast, which are the main components for the tracks on which BNSF trains operate.\u201cAs a national rail hub, Illinois plays an important role in our country\u2019s transportation network,\u201d said Jason Jenkins, general manager of operations, Chicago Division. \u201cThis capital investment helps maintain a world class rail system that drives the state\u2019s economy by linking it to markets around the world.\u201dThis year, the maintenance program in Illinois includes approximately 810 miles of track surfacing and/or undercutting work as well as the replacement of nearly 25 miles of rail and close to 50,000 ties. BNSF has invested more than $1.2 billion to expand and maintain its network in Illinois over the past five years.In Chicago, the company plans to add additional parking capacity at its Corwith Intermodal Facility.The 2019 planned capital investments in the state are part of BNSF\u2019s $3.57 billion network-wide capital expenditure program announced last month. These investments include roughly $2.47 billion to replace and maintain core network and related assets, approximately $760 million on expansion and efficiency projects and about $340 million for freight cars and other equipment acquisitions.About BNSFBNSF Railway is one of North America\u2019s leading freight transportation companies. BNSFoperatesapproximately 32,500 route miles of track in 28 states and also operates in three Canadian provinces. BNSF is one of the top transporters of consumer goods, grain and agricultural products, low-sulfur coal, and industrial goods such as petroleum, chemicals, housing materials, food and beverages. BNSF\u2019s shipments help feed, clothe, supply, and power American homes and businesses every day. BNSF and its employees have developed one of the most technologically advanced, and efficient railroads in the industry. We work continuously to improve the value of the safety, service, energy, and environmental benefits we provide to our customers and the communities we serve. You can learn more about BNSF at www.BNSF.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190304005669/en/SOURCE: BNSF Railway CompanyAndy Williams\n817-867-6369\nAndy.Williams@bnsf.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "BNSF Announces $135 Million Capital Program in Illinois for 2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/heres-how-the-mueller-report-could-roil-the-stock-market-2019-03-24-12103014": {"date": "Mar 24, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "The president endorsed the public release of Special Counsel Robert Mueller\u2019s report on possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russian election meddling. Here\u2019s what it would take for investors to take notice. See full story.A closely watched measure of the yield curve inverted Friday, underlining worries about economic growth and rattling the stock market. But investors might be pushing the panic button a bit prematurely. See full story.The falling 30-year mortgage rate could reverse and hit 6% in the second half of next year despite big constraints on demand among home buyers. See full story.Mark Zuckerberg, the co-founder and chief executive of Facebook Inc., seems increasingly alone at the top of his company with the departure of two key executives last week, after his privacy pivot. See full story.A petition to stop Brexit hits a milestone on the same day over 1 million anti-Brexit protesters flood London streets, demanding a new vote. See full story.This woman\u2019s friend has Stage IV lung disease and made her a generous offer that she may refuse. See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Midday Report newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Here\u2019s how the Mueller report could roil the stock market"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/federal-reserve-policy-makes-this-dividend-stock-strategy-even-more-important-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 24, 2019 9:25 a.m. ET", "article": "Updated with two policy statements from the Federal Open Market Committee on Wednesday.The Treasury Department\u2019s daily yield-curve rates shed light on investors\u2019 fear of a recession and the likelihood that bond yields will remain very low for a long time.That means income-seeking investors may be best served by making a commitment to dividend stocks \u2014 especially shares of companies well-positioned to increase their payouts steadily and significantly.Bill McMahon, the chief investment officer of ThomasPartners, a subsidiary of Charles Schwab Corp. SCHW, -0.31%  that focuses on investment-income growth strategies, shared some examples of stocks that can serve income-seeking investments well over the long term. This is especially important during a period when traditional \u201cquality\u201d sources of income \u2014 investment-grade bonds \u2014 are yielding so little.\u201cOur objective is to grow income at a faster rate than inflation,\u201d he said in an interview March 19.On Tuesday, according to the U.S. Treasury\u2019s own figures, the inverted yield curve looked like this:So an investor would have to go out seven years for a yield only one basis point higher than the 2.50% yield on one-year Treasury bills. A 10-year commitment would garner only an additional 11 basis points. In his daily commentary March 18, Mark Grant, B. Riley FBR\u2019s chief global strategist for fixed income, wrote that investment-grade, municipal and high-yield (junk) bonds \u201ccontinue to compress in against Treasurys, as the demand for yield keeps pushing the credit markets onward.\u201dThe world remains awash with cash, for the simple reason that major central banks, including the Federal Reserve, created trillions of dollars in liquidity by purchasing bonds in tremendous qualities during and after the financial crisis of 2008. Central banks\u2019 balance sheets remain bloated. And as Grant pointed out, one reason the yield curve is inverted is that the Fed doesn\u2019t buy short-term paper.Fed Chairman Jerome Powell said Jan. 31 that the economic case for further increases in the federal funds rate had \u201cweakened.\u201d On Wednesday, the Federal Open Market Committee decided to keep the federal funds target rate in a range of 2.25% to 2.50% and also said it would cut the pace of the Federal Reserve\u2019s balance-sheet reduction in half in May and conclude the reduction of its bond portfolio at the end of September. So we will continue to have an elephant in the room keeping demand for long-term bonds elevated and helping to hold their yields down.\u201cInvestors are expecting an economic slowdown,\u201d McMahon of ThomasPartners said. So long-term income-seeking investors are willing to lock in a 10-year yield as low as 2.61%.\u201cOur idea is things will be slowing,\u201d McMahon said. \u201cThat is natural, but we still like equities more than bonds. We like the dividend growth rates. We don\u2019t necessarily like the macro game. We like the businesses we own.\u201dThomasPartners is based in Boston and has about $16 billion in assets under management. The firm\u2019s main strategy is to select quality stocks with attractive dividend yields, while emphasizing companies\u2019 ability and likelihood to increase dividend payments significantly over time.The S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats Index SPDAUDP, +0.17% is made up of the 57 S&P 500 SPX, +0.10%  companies that have increased dividends on common shares for at least 25 consecutive years. The Aristocrats Index and the ETF that tracks it NOBL, +0.22%  are widely covered in the financial media for the simple reason that the Dividend Aristocrats Index has greatly outperformed the S&P 500 over the past 15 years.But tracking the Dividend Aristocrats is actually a long-term growth strategy \u2014 the only criteria for inclusion in the Dividend Aristocrats Index is that the payouts have increased for 25 years, no matter how little. Current yields also don\u2019t matter.\u201cWhen bond yields drop again, it just makes our strategy and philosophy more attractive,\u201d said McMahon. \u201cThe yield on our portfolio is over 3%, so we\u2019re getting more income than a high-quality bond portfolio.\u201dIt is also important to consider that if you buy shares of a quality company with an attractive dividend yield, and the dividend raises steadily and significantly, then several years later, the yield on your original investment will be much higher.McMahon explained that his team is able to \u201cmanage the portfolio to increase the portfolio income,\u201d by selling stocks and making new investments. \u201cIf something hits our price target and we think it is fully valued, we will buy something that isn\u2019t fully valued with an equal or higher dividend yield, to continue growing that portfolio over time,\u201d he said.McMahon named three examples of stocks held by ThomasPartners for clients, and also discussed Wells Fargo WFC, +0.20% another holding, when asked about the bank.Shares of Microsoft MSFT, -0.42%  have a dividend yield of only 1.56%, reflecting the tremendous performance of the shares, which have returned 16% in 2019, following a return of 21% in 2018 (when the S&P 500 was down 4.4%, with dividends reinvested).Microsoft\u2019s current dividend yield may not be particularly attractive, but \u201cthey grow the dividend at a nice rate and we think they will continue to grow it,\u201d McMahon said.Microsoft raised its dividend by 9.5% in September. Over the past five years, the company has increased the payout by an average of 11.5%, according to McMahon.When analyzing a company\u2019s ability to increase dividends, McMahon\u2019s research team looks at free cash flow \u2014 the company\u2019s remaining cash flow after planned capital expenditures. Dividing 12 months\u2019 historical or estimated cash flow is divided by the share price gives you the company\u2019s free cash flow yield. Comparing this to the current dividend yield shows whether the company has \u201cheadroom\u201d to increase dividends or take other actions presumably positive for shareholders, including stock repurchases and organic expansion or acquisitions. Negative free cash flow or a free cash flow yield that is lower than the dividend yield may only be a temporary situation related to a change in company\u2019s business strategy. But it is a flag emphasizing the importance of further research before making an investment decision.Based on free cash flow data for the past 12 reported months supplied by FactSet, Microsoft\u2019s free cash flow yield is 3.49%, leaving plenty of headroom for the company to continue raising dividends significantly.McMahon described a decision to hold Microsoft in the portfolio as \u201cnothing particularly clever,\u201d but also said, \u201cwe like the way the company is positioned for cloud and enterprise. They grow the dividend at a nice rate and we think they will continue to grow it.\u201dWells Fargo has a dividend yield of 3.50%. The bank\u2019s free cash flow yield over the past 12 months has been 14.93%, showing a great deal of headroom for dividend increases and stock buybacks. The company\u2019s average annual dividend growth rate over the past five years has been 7.2%.The bank\u2019s dividend yield is much higher than those of the remaining three of the \u201cbig four\u201d club of U.S. banks, in part because of the drag on the shares from multiple investigations by regulators of its sales and customer-service practices:Despite the lingering bad feelings from its customer-service scandals and regulatory action, including a moratorium on expanding its total assets, Wells Fargo remains well-capitalized, with very strong loan quality and a clear ability to continue raising dividends.As the company continues to improve various operations to address regulators\u2019 concerns, \u201cit is a good holding in the interim,\u201d McMahon said. He added that \u201ctoo much capacity in the mortgage space\u201d has been a challenge for the bank, but also said, \u201cwe like Wells Fargo\u2019s diversified business model.\u201dShares of Genuine Parts GPC, +0.51%  have a dividend yield of 2.84%; their free cash flow yield over the past 12 months has been 5.79%. McMahon said the company has increased its dividend for 61 straight years and that the payout has increased by an average 6% over the past five years.\u201cThey have a retail segment, but a larger market supplying to mechanics,\u201d he said.\u201cThey have been very shrewd operators,\u201d McMahon added, citing the company\u2019s acquisition in January of Hennig Fahrzeugteile Group in Germany. He said Genuine Parts is in a \u201csweet spot\u201d with the aging of auto fleets in the U.S. and Europe.\u201cWe tend to be more overweight the offensive sectors [including technology] and underweight the defensive sectors,\u201d which include utilities, real-estate investment trusts and consumer staples, McMahon said.But he named Eversource Energy ES, -0.65%  of Springfield, Mass., as an example. The shares have a dividend yield of 3.05% and over the past five years has increased at an average annual rate of 6.5%, McMahon said.Eversource is an example of free cash flow yield analysis not being particularly helpful, at least on the surface, because investments in the business cause cash flow to vary tremendously from year to year. Using data for the past 12 months, the company\u2019s free cash flow yield is minus 3.32%.McMahon explained that the company has been changing its strategy to focus on distribution and transmission of electricity.\u201cThey have sold their last generators,\u201d he said, while adding that he liked the company because of the economic strength of its area of business (New England) and its habit of increasing the dividend by 6% to 7% a year, \u201cwhich is good for a utility.\u201dDon\u2019t miss: Want to ride the health-care stock wave? Here are 19 companies growing sales rapidlyCreate an email alert for Philip van Doorn\u2019s Deep Dive columns here.", "title": "Opinion: Federal Reserve policy makes this dividend-stock strategy even more important"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/percona-reveals-full-conference-session-schedule-for-percona-live-open-source-database-conference-2019-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 8:44 a.m. ET", "article": "RALEIGH, Mar 21, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- RALEIGH, N.C., March 21, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Percona, a leader in open source database software and services, today announced the conference sessions and tutorial schedule for Percona Live Open Source Database Conference 2019, taking place May 28-30, 2019, at the Hyatt Regency in Austin, Texas. Sponsorship opportunities are still available. Advanced registration discounts end on April 21, 2019.Percona is a leader in providing best-of-breed, enterprise-class support, consulting, managed services, training and software for MySQL(R), MariaDB(R), MongoDB(R), PostgreSQL and other open source databases in on-premises and cloud environments. An unbiased, trusted partner, Percona provides single-source expertise in multi-vendor environments to help organizations eliminate lock-in, increase agility and enable business growth.The Percona Live Open Source Database Conference 2019 is the premier open source database event. The theme for the upcoming conference is \"Connect. Accelerate. Innovate.\" Percona Live conferences provide the open source database community with an opportunity to discover and discuss the latest open source trends, technologies and innovations. The conference includes the best and brightest innovators and influencers in the open source database industry.Major areas of focus at this year's conference will include:Conference Session ScheduleConference sessions will take place on Wednesday and Thursday, May 29-30, and will feature in-depth talks by industry experts. Conference session examples include:\ufffd?ystein Gr\u00f8vlen, Alibaba CloudAleksandr Kuzminsky, TwinDBThe 2019 conference will also feature a special conference track on PingCap.Tutorial Schedule\nTutorials will take place throughout the day on Tuesday May 28, 2019. Tutorial session examples include:Sponsorships\nSponsorship opportunities for Percona Live Open Source Database Conference 2019 are available and offer the opportunity to interact with the DBAs, sysadmins, developers, CTOs, CEOs, business managers, technology evangelists, solution vendors and entrepreneurs who typically attend the event. Contact live@percona.com for sponsorship details. Current sponsors include:Percona Live ConferencesWhat: Percona Live Open Source Database Conference 2019\nWhere: Hyatt Regency Austin\nWhen: May 28-30, 2019Company InformationPress Contact\nBrigit Valencia\nFor Percona\n(360) 597-4516\nbrigit@compel-pr.comAbout PerconaWith more than 3,000 customers worldwide, Percona is the only company that delivers enterprise-class solutions for MySQL(R), MariaDB(R), MongoDB(R) and PostgreSQL across traditional and cloud-based platforms. The company provides Software, Support, Consulting, and Managed Services to large, well-known global brands such as Cisco Systems, Time Warner Cable, Alcatel-Lucent, Rent the Runway and the BBC, as well as smaller enterprises looking to maximize application performance while streamlining database efficiencies. Well established as thought leaders, Percona experts author content for the Percona Database Performance Blog, and the Percona Live Open Source Database Conferences draw attendees and expert technical speakers from around the world. For more information, visit www.percona.com.Percona(R) is a registered trademark of Percona LLC. All other registered and unregistered trademarks in this document are the sole property of their respective owners.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Percona Reveals Full Conference Session Schedule for Percona Live Open Source Database Conference 2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-2019-03-25-15183280": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 3:28 p.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 25, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal Dutch Shell plc (the 'Company') RDS.A, -0.55% RDS.B, -0.56%  announces that on 25 March 2019 it purchased the following number of \"A\" Shares for cancellation.Aggregated information on \"A\" shares purchased according to trading venues:  These share purchases form part of the third tranche of the Company's existing share buy-back programme previously announced on July 26, 2018. The Company announced the third tranche of its share buyback programme on January 31, 2019.In respect of this programme, J.P. Morgan Securities plc will make trading decisions in relation to the Company's securities independently of the Company for a period from January 31, 2019 up to and including 29 April, 2019.Any such share purchases will be effected within certain pre-set parameters, and in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase shares, Chapter 12 of the Listing Rules and Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU dealing with buy-back programmes and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.In accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU, a full breakdown of the individual trades made by J.P. Morgan Securities plc on behalf of the Company as a part of the buy-back programme is detailed below.PDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/840747/25032019_Shell_RNS_JPM.pdfEnquiriesShell Media Relations\nInternational, UK, European Press: +44(0)207-934-5550\nShell Investor Relations\nEurope: +31-70-377-3996 \nUnited States: +1-832-337-2034LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-300817990.htmlSOURCE Royal Dutch Shell plcCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Royal Dutch Shell plc: Transaction in Own Shares"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/lubrizol-premium-partner-at-iqs-tech-fest-2019-2019-02-26": {"date": "Feb 26, 2019 7:00 a.m. ET", "article": "(GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- News ReleaseLubrizol Premium Partner at IQS Tech Fest 2019CLEVELAND, February 25, 2019 - The Lubrizol Corporation's Engineered Polymers business was one of the premium sponsors of the third edition of IQS Tech Fest and actively participated in the conference that took place in Barcelona, Spain on January 24th.The event, which is organized by the Chemical Institute of Sarria (IQS), gathered about 1,000 people and 34 startup companies involved in industrial entrepreneurship. The festival was born with the aim of promoting industrial innovation and seeks to foster collaboration between industrial startups and international companies. The event also included an exhibition and an industrial investment forum, apart from the conference with international speakers.\"One of our goals at Lubrizol Engineered Polymers is to solve global problems that no one has solved so far,\" states Dr. Jesus Santamaria, regional business director for Engineered Polymers, EMEAI. \"We see value in collaborating with startups by building access to a new source or a unique way to solve a meaningful market problem - where both parties contribute with either innovative technology, business models or market intelligence that will benefit both.\"About Lubrizol Engineered PolymersWith more than 55 years of experience and a worldwide network that includes formulation design, manufacturing, R&D and cutting-edge technologies, Lubrizol Engineered Polymers offers one of the broadest portfolios of engineered polymers available today including resins that are bio-based*, recyclable**, light stable, flame retardant, adhesive, chemically resistant, optically clear and fast cycling. Our technology crosses many industries and applications, including surface protection, power and fluid systems, sports and recreation, wearable devices, electronics and automotive. For more information, visit www.lubrizol.com/engineered-polymers or contact engineeredpolymers@lubrizol.com- more -About The Lubrizol CorporationThe Lubrizol Corporation, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is a market-driven global company that combines complex, specialty chemicals to optimize the quality, performance and value of customers' products while reducing their environmental impact. It is a leader at combining market insights with chemistry and application capabilities to deliver valuable solutions to customers in the global transportation, industrial and consumer markets. Lubrizol improves lives by acting as an essential partner in our customers' success, delivering efficiency, reliability or wellness to their end users. Technologies include lubricant additives for engine oils, driveline and other transportation-related fluids, industrial lubricants, as well as additives for gasoline and diesel fuel. In addition, Lubrizol makes ingredients and additives for home care, personal care and skin care products and specialty materials encompassing polymer and coatings technologies, along with polymer-based pharmaceutical and medical device solutions.With headquarters in Wickliffe, Ohio, Lubrizol owns and operates manufacturing facilities in 17 countries, as well as sales and technical offices around the world. Founded in 1928, Lubrizol has approximately 8,700 employees worldwide. Revenues for 2017 were $6.3 billion. For more information, visit Lubrizol.com.*Bio-based content as certified in accordance with ASTM D-6866.**Recyclability is based on access to a readily available standard recycling program that supports such materials. Products may not be available in all areas.All marks are owned by The Lubrizol Corporation.Lubrizol Engineered Polymers premium partner at IQS TECH FEST 2019.Media ContactsNicholas Galioto+1 216 447-5697The Lubrizol CorporationLidia Valcarcel+34 93 579-9565Web Siteswww.lubrizol.com/engineered-polymerswww.lubrizol.comThis announcement is distributed by West Corporation on behalf of West Corporation clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: Lubrizol via GlobenewswireCopyright (C) 2019 GLOBE NEWSWIRE. All rights reserved.", "title": "Lubrizol Premium Partner at IQS Tech Fest 2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/darwin-selects-telensa-for-smart-street-lighting-project-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 7:30 p.m. ET", "article": "Telensa, a leader in connected street lighting and Smart City data applications, today announced that it has been selected by City of Darwin to deploy its PLANet [\u00ae] intelligent street lighting system. In one of the largest Council-run projects of its type in Australia, Darwin will replace close to 10,000 lights on its street & public lighting network with LEDs wirelessly connected by Telensa. They will be controlled by the Telensa Central Management System (CMS) and hosted in Australia by Amazon Web Services. This project follows a Northern Territory Government initiative to transfer the control of street lights to councils, with some now contracting for LED and smart controls upgrades. By selecting a system proven at mass scale across the world, the City of Darwin was able to move directly to full deployment, eliminating the need to run a pilot system.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190326005819/en/Telensa PLANet is an end-to-end intelligent streetlighting system, consisting of wireless nodes connecting individual lights, a dedicated wireless network owned by the city, and a central management application. The system pays for itself in reduced energy and maintenance costs, improves quality of service through automatic fault reporting, and turns streetlight poles into hubs for smart city sensors. With more than 1.7 million lights connected, Telensa PLANet is the world\u2019s most popular connected streetlight system.\u201cKey infrastructure projects such as street & public lighting demand the highest standards to ensure reliability and value for money, and Telensa\u2019s proposition more than satisfies both of those criteria,\u201d said Scott Waters, Chief Executive Officer, City of Darwin. \u201cWith Telensa\u2019s PLANet system, Darwin will be able to reduce costs whilst improving our street & public lighting service. This project is another example of City of Darwin\u2019s leadership, delivering a safer, smarter, and more efficient environment for our community.\u201d\u201cWe are excited to be working with City of Darwin to deliver a modern, efficient and resilient street & public lighting system that will effectively respond to the community\u2019s needs for decades to come,\u201d said Will Gibson, Founder and Chief Commercial Officer at Telensa. \u201cTelensa\u2019s flexibility and scalability means that we are able to begin deployment straight away, and we\u2019re looking forward to working with the City of Darwin on low-cost smart city applications which can be enabled by the city\u2019s new lighting network.\u201dAbout TelensaTelensa makes wireless smart city applications, helping cities around the world save energy, work smarter and deliver more joined-up services for their citizens. Telensa PLANet is the world\u2019s most deployed smart streetlight solution, with a footprint of 1.7 million lights. Building on the compelling business case for its smart streetlighting, the company provides cities and utilities with an open, low-cost platform to add multiple sensor applications. Working with Microsoft and Qualcomm technologies in the Urban Data Project, Telensa is helping cities to build future-proof operations driven by data intelligence, trust and transparency. Telensa is based in Cambridge in the UK, with regional operations in the USA and Australia.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190326005819/en/SOURCE: TelensaPR Contacts\nRichard Howson\nTemono Communications\nRichard.howson@temono.com\n+44 (0)7833 693 862Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Darwin Selects Telensa for Smart Street Lighting Project"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/microsoft-amazon-and-intel-listed-as-visionary-leaders-by-360quadrants-for-artificial-intelligence-platform-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 10:00 a.m. ET", "article": "CHICAGO, March 14, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- 360Quadrants powered by MarketsandMarkets\u2122, the world's only comparison platform that combines expert analysis with crowdsourced insights has released a quadrant on Artificial Intelligence Platform to help businesses make quicker and more informed decisions. The first release of the quadrant has Microsoft, Amazon, and Intel sharing space as Visionary Leaders. 360Quadrants are generated post analysis of companies (product portfolios and business strategy). Quadrants will be updated every three months, and the position of vendors will reflect how buyers, industry experts, and other vendors rate them on different parameters.Quadrant highlights50+ companies offering artificial intelligence platform were analyzed of which 25 companies were shortlisted and categorized on a quadrant under Visionary Leaders, Innovators, Dynamic Differentiators, and Emerging Leaders.Microsoft Azure AI, Amazon ML platform services, Intel Nervana Platform, Google Cloud Machine Learning Engine, IBM Watson, SAP Leonardo Machine Learning, Salesforce Einstein suite, and Qualcomm have been identified as visionary leaders as they have established product portfolios and a robust market presence and business strategy.Ayasdi, Absolutdata NAVIK AI platform, Oracle, and SAS have been identified as innovators as they have focused product portfolios, but a mediocre business strategy.BigML, Artificial Solutions, CrowdFlower, Kasisto, msg.ai, Rainbird Technologies, Vital AI, ASI Data Science, RapidMiner, and DataRobot have been identified as emerging companies as they have a niche product offering but poor business strategy. HPE C3 AI Suite, Infosys Nia, and Wipro Holmes have been recognized as dynamic differentiators.The 360Quadrants platform provides the most granular Artificial Intelligence platform comparison between vendors.MethodologyThe methodology used to rank Artificial Intelligence Platform companies involved the use of extensive secondary research to identify key vendors by referring to annual reports, press releases, investor presentations, white papers, and various related directories and databases. 25 key vendors were shortlisted on the basis of their breadth of product offerings, organization size, and other criteria. The scores and weights for shortlisted vendors against each parameter were finalized post research.  After the ratings were finalized, each vendor was placed in respective quadrants based on their score in the product offering and business strategy parameters.About 360Quadrants360Quadrants essentially compares companies in emerging technologies on 6 broad maturities: product maturity, company maturity, use-case maturity, investment maturity, technology maturity, and business outcome maturity. Each company is reviewed by 4 stakeholders\u2014buyers, industry experts, other vendors, and MarketsandMarkets analysts\u2014to make it unbiased. 360 aims to simplify and de-risk complex purchase decisions. Buyers get to personalize their quadrant against their specific needs. The combined insights from peers, analysts, experts, and vendors cut the bias and helps the buyer find the best fit solution. Vendors get to position themselves to win ideal new customers, customize their quadrants, decide key parameters, and position themselves strategically in a niche space, to be consumed by giants and start-ups alike. Experts get to grow their personal brand and increase their thought leadership. The 360 platform targets the building of a social network that links industry experts with companies worldwide.360Quadrants has also launched quadrants in fields like Application Modernization services, AI in Fintech solutions, and Cognitive Analytics solutions.About MarketsandMarkets\u2122MarketsandMarkets\u2122 provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact the revenues of 70% to 80% of companies worldwide. MarketsandMarkets\u2122 currently services 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets\u2122 for their pain points around revenues decisions.Contact:\nMr. Manoj Singhvi\nmanoj.singhvi@marketsandmarkets.com\nMarketsandMarkets\u2122 Research Private Ltd.\nTower B5, office 101, Magarpatta SEZ,\nHadapsar, Pune - 411013, India\nPhone: +1-888-600-6441 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/microsoft-amazon-and-intel-listed-as-visionary-leaders-by-360quadrants-for-artificial-intelligence-platform-300812391.htmlSOURCE MarketsandMarketsCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Microsoft, Amazon and Intel Listed as Visionary Leaders by 360Quadrants for Artificial Intelligence Platform"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apples-stock-rallies-to-12-week-high-even-though-buffett-isnt-buying-at-current-levels-2019-02-25": {"date": "Feb 25, 2019 11:31 a.m. ET", "article": "Shares of Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.16% rallied 1.2% toward a 12-week high in morning trade Monday, despite Warren Buffett saying he wouldn't buy the technology giant's stock at current levels. Buffett did say in an interview on CNBC, however, that he wouldn't sell Apple shares, and would prefer prices to fall further so he could buy. He said on CNBC that he's not concerned about the recent disappointment in iPhone sales, and is more focused on the hundreds and hundreds of millions of people who live their lives by the iPhone. Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.B, -0.04% owned about 249.6 million Apple shares as of Dec. 31, or about 5.3% of the shares outstanding, according to recent SEC filings. The stock's rally also came despite KeyBanc Capital analyst Andy Hargreaves somewhat downbeat call on the streaming-video service Apple is widely expected to announce in the coming weeks.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple's stock rallies to 12-week high, even though Buffett isn't buying at current levels"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/rhino-resource-partners-lp-announces-timing-of-fourth-quarter-2018-earnings-release-date-2019-03-06": {"date": "Mar 6, 2019 4:00 p.m. ET", "article": "LEXINGTON, KY, Mar 06, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- LEXINGTON, KY, March 06, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Rhino Resource Partners LP (otcqb:RHNO) (\"Rhino\" or the \"Partnership\") today announced that it plans to release its 2018 fourth quarter financial results on Wednesday, March 13, 2019 before the market opens. The Partnership will not host a conference call this quarter and any inquiries can be made to Rhino's investor relations department.About Rhino Resource Partners LPRhino Resource Partners LP is a diversified energy limited partnership that is focused on coal and energy related assets and activities, including energy infrastructure investments. Rhino produces metallurgical and steam coal in a variety of basins throughout the United States.Additional information regarding Rhino is available at its web site - RhinoLP.com.News Release\nInvestor Contact:\nScott Morris\n+1 859.519.3622\nsmorris@rhinolp.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Rhino Resource Partners LP Announces Timing of Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Date"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/will-consumers-finally-decide-theyre-drowning-in-streaming-services-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 9:15 a.m. ET", "article": "Apple better hope there aren\u2019t too many people like Ken Johnson, who\u2019s hopped out of the video streaming pool and doesn\u2019t miss it a bit.The Milwaukee, Wisc.-area married father of two was soaking in subscriptions for years. But then he did the math, smarting from a one-two punch in higher rates from Hulu and Netflix NFLX, -0.08%  earlier this year.The finance professional realized he could save $30 monthly by opting for cable, dropping his Hulu account, letting his Amazon Prime AMZN, -0.32%  account expire and putting an eventual bulls eye on his Netflix account. His HBO account T, +0.24%  will also meet its maker after the final \u201cGame of Thrones\u201d season, he said.\u201cThey basically invented a more expensive cable without the benefits of monopolistic power to spread out that cost,\u201d Johnson, 36, said of all the many streaming services, with smaller individual bills that packed a wallop to the wallet when put together.\u201cI think it\u2019s too much and it\u2019s getting too expensive,\u201d he said.After Apple\u2019s star-studded streaming announcement, experts told MarketWatch that consumers still have the mental bandwidth and budget for some more content \u2014 but say that legacy cable and media companies shouldn\u2019t push their luck.Consumers already spend about $15 to $30 on their monthly video-streaming subscriptions, but studies suggest they\u2019re only willing to spend $45 to $50 per month, said Daniel Ives, managing director, equity research at Wedbush Securities.\u201cOnce you get beyond three services, you\u2019re kind of maxing out,\u201d Emily Groch, director of insight, telecommunications at Mintel Comperemedia, a market research firm. Most people spend $85 to $100 on their monthly cable bill, research suggest.Apple AAPL, +1.01%  hopes it can be one of those three \u2014 even though Netflix, Amazon Prime, Hulu, Sling TV, Roku ROKU, -1.03%  and FuboTV. AT&T and Disney DIS, +0.16%  also plan to wade into streaming game.That\u2019s not an exhaustive list of subscriptions, yet it shows how quickly consumers can get exhausted by everything out there in the massive market. \u201cIt\u2019s really going to take something groundbreaking to tip beyond the three-service threshold we\u2019re at now,\u201d Groch said.More than half (53%) of consumers said they were satisfied with their existing video content, according to a 2018 survey by Mintel Comperemedia. The 2,000 respondents had two to three services, and the median monthly bill was $25, Groch said.Only 13% of those polled said they\u2019d get another service if they could; one-quarter said they\u2019d need to eliminate one streaming service if they were to subscribe to a new one, she said.Others say there\u2019s room for growth. Global subscriptions to online video services, like Netflix and Amazon Prime, surpassed cable television accounts for the first time in 2018, with 613 million subscribers compared to 556 million cable watchers, the Motion Picture Association of America said recently.They could have up to 100 million users in three to five years, Ives said. \u201cWe believe there\u2019s a clear opportunity for Apple to go after this market and monetize it,\u201d he said. Apple has said there are approximately 900 million active iPhones in use worldwide.(Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment.)Oprah Winfrey made the same point speaking at Apple\u2019s reveal Monday: \u201cThey\u2019re in a billion pockets, y\u2019all,\u201d she told the Cupertino, Calif. audience.Apple\u2019s announcement didn\u2019t release the monthly fee, which left some analysts cool.On Monday, Apple said it was also getting into game streaming, a news bundling subscription offer and an Apple Card, but the streaming service had the Hollywood star power, including Winfrey, Jennifer Aniston, Reese Witherspoon and Steve Carrell.For all the advances and choices, Groch said there\u2019s something that\u2019s eluded all the players in the streaming game: a simple user experience. \u201cNo one has really cracked the nut of making the wealth of streaming content option less overwhelming,\u201d she said.Back in Wisconsin, Johnson\u2019s taken it upon himself to keep things simple. He\u2019ll plan to get the Disney service for his kids, but isn\u2019t interested in what Apple\u2019s doing. He started streaming Netflix 10 years ago when it was a free add-on to this DVD service. \u201cIn the next couple of years, people are going to be, like, \u2018I\u2019m really not saving money.\u2019\u201dApple\u2019s stock is up almost 19% year to date. The S&P 500 SPX, -0.12%  is up about 12% over the same period and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.02% is up almost 10%.Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Bad news for Apple: People may be reaching their limit on streaming services"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/all-new-ipad-air-and-ipad-mini-deliver-dramatic-power-and-capability-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 8:29 a.m. ET", "article": "Apple\u00ae today introduced the all-new iPad Air\u00ae in an ultra-thin 10.5-inch design, offering the latest innovations including Apple Pencil\u00ae [1] support and high-end performance at a breakthrough price. With the A12 Bionic chip with Apple\u2019s Neural Engine, the new iPad Air delivers a 70 percent boost in performance and twice the graphics capability, and the advanced Retina\u00ae display with True Tone\u00ae technology is nearly 20 percent larger with over half a million more pixels. [2]This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190318005283/en/Apple today also introduced the new 7.9-inch iPad mini\u00ae, a major upgrade for iPad mini fans who love a compact, ultra-portable design packed with the latest technology. With the A12 Bionic chip, the new iPad mini is a powerful multi-tasking machine, delivering three times the performance and nine times faster graphics. [3] The advanced Retina display with True Tone technology and wide color support is 25 percent brighter [3] and has the highest pixel density of any iPad\u00ae, delivering an immersive visual experience in any setting. And with Apple Pencil [1] support, the new iPad mini is the perfect take-anywhere notepad for sketching and jotting down thoughts on the go. The new iPads are available to order starting today and in stores next week.\u201cThe iPad continues to provide magical new experiences for a growing range of uses where it is the absolute best device, from playing games in augmented reality to note-taking and drawing with Apple Pencil, from streaming HD movies and editing 4K films to learning to develop apps with Swift Playgrounds,\u201d said Phil Schiller, Apple\u2019s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. \u201cToday the iPad family takes two big leaps forward with an all-new 10.5-inch iPad Air that brings high-end size, features and performance at a breakthrough price, and a major upgrade to the 7.9-inch iPad mini, which also brings Apple Pencil, Retina display and the A12 Bionic chip to the many customers that love its compact size.\u201dApple Pencil and iPad \u2014 The Perfect PairApple Pencil opens up new creativity and productivity possibilities for iPad mini and iPad Air users, from drawing and writing down thoughts to marking up documents and retouching photos. The must-have tool among students, professionals and creatives delivers a remarkably fluid and natural drawing experience and provides pixel-perfect accuracy and low latency for activities within popular apps including Procreate, Notability, Pixelmator Photo (coming soon) and Microsoft Office.Power Meets Portability with the A12 Bionic ChipThe Apple-designed Neural Engine of the A12 Bionic chip powers the next generation of apps and iPad workflows using advanced machine learning and Core ML\u00ae for engaging AR experiences, photo-realistic effects in 3D games and stunning graphics performance within apps.Staying connected is now easier and faster with iPad mini and iPad Air, featuring the same great Wi-Fi performance and Gigabit-class LTE connectivity [4] built into the most advanced iPad Pro models. With eSIM technology built in, users can easily connect to wireless data plans right from iPad when traveling in more than 180 countries around the world. [5]Advanced Cameras for Stunning Photos and VideosWith advanced front- and back-facing cameras, iPad mini and iPad Air take gorgeous photos and capture clear and stable 1080p HD videos. The upgraded cameras with exceptional low-light performance and HD video recording are great for document scanning and connecting with friends and family on Group FaceTime\u00ae calls, and with advanced sensors, help enable immersive AR experiences.More Than a Million Apps Just for iPadThe App Store\u00ae is the best place to discover more than 1.3 million apps designed specifically for iPad \u2014 from journaling with Apple Pencil to managing schedules and finances, editing photos, learning, connecting with friends and family, and playing games. Unlike stretched-out phone apps on other platforms, apps designed for iPad run and look great on every iPad.iOS on iPadiPad Air and iPad mini are perfect for staying productive on the go with iOS, helping users get things done faster with features like Siri\u00ae Shortcuts, photo search and Voice Memos. The Dock provides quick access to frequently used apps and documents from any screen, and multitasking is easy with Split View and Slide Over. Drag and Drop makes moving images, text and files between apps easier than ever, and managing documents in the Files app is seamless and easy on iPad and across Apple devices.Apple today announced an upcoming update to iWork\u00ae for iOS, available next week, with enhanced integration of Apple Pencil including new animation options in Keynote\u00ae that let users draw an animation path for any object, and an all-new user interface that enables easy implementation of build effects, including move, rotate and scale.The Best, Most Complete iPad Lineup EverThe new iPad Air and iPad mini join the most affordable 9.7-inch iPad and the most advanced iPad Pro\u00ae models, offering the best, most innovative iPad lineup ever. The complete lineup now includes Apple Pencil support, best-in-class performance, advanced displays and all-day battery life [6] for an experience unmatched by any other device. Whether customers prioritize portability, screen size, power or price, there\u2019s an iPad for everyone. Learn more about the iPad family at apple.com/ipad/compare.Pricing and Availability[1] The first-generation Apple Pencil sold separately.[2] When compared to the 9.7-inch iPad.[3 ] When compared to the previous generation iPad mini.[4] Network speeds are dependent on carrier networks.[5 ] Not all carriers support eSIM or Apple SIM. See your carrier for details. Not available in China.[6] Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results may vary.[7 ] Trade-in values vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your trade-in device, and may also vary between online and in-store trade-in. You must be at least 18 years old. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid, government-issued photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Additional terms from Apple or Apple\u2019s trade-in partners may apply.Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple\u2019s four software platforms \u2014 iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS \u2014 provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple\u2019s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple Newsroom (www.apple.com/newsroom), or call Apple\u2019s Media Helpline at (408) 974-2042.\u00a9 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iPad Air, Apple Pencil, Retina, True Tone, iPad mini, iPad, Core ML, FaceTime, App Store, Siri, iWork, Keynote, iPad Pro, Apple Store, Smart Keyboard, Smart Cover, and Today at Apple are trademarks of Apple Inc. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190318005283/en/SOURCE: Apple Inc.Apple\nCat Franklin, (669) 276-1209\ncfranklin3@apple.com\nAndy Bowman, (408) 783-0619\nabowman@apple.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "All-New iPad Air and iPad mini Deliver Dramatic Power and Capability"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/chase-launches-new-checking-account-to-expand-access-to-banking-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 8:01 a.m. ET", "article": "Chase is launching Chase Secure Banking, a low cost checking account that can help more consumers around the country access a traditional banking relationship, including those new to banking or who have had trouble getting or keeping an account in the past.The new account, available to customers today, comes with a low monthly service fee of $4.95 and all the benefits of Chase, like access to thousands of fee free Chase ATMs, Chase\u2019s mobile app and support from bankers in person at Chase branches or over the phone.With Chase Secure Banking, customers can enjoy:\u201cA bank account can open doors to economic opportunity and improve the financial lives of so many across the country,\u201d said Thasunda Duckett, CEO of Chase Consumer Banking. \u201cAs a bank, we want to help more consumers get access to an account that can better help them manage their everyday needs while building their financial health.\u201dChase Secure Banking has the same low monthly fee as Chase Liquid, the bank\u2019s reloadable prepaid card, and will replace it because it includes enhancements based on customer feedback that indicated the need for a full banking experience. Current Chase Liquid customers can open a new Chase Secure Banking account and keep their Liquid account if they prefer, but it will no longer be offered to new customers.The bank continues to innovate and develop products that meet that needs of the communities it serves, and its thousands of branches provide access to home lending, small business funding, and advice on reaching personal and business financial goals, in addition to personal banking needs.The firm is advancing the financial health of its customers, communities and employees through multiple programs including National Savings Month, Women on the Move and Advancing Black Pathways. In addition, over the last five years the firm has provided more than $100 million in philanthropic investments to help people in underserved communities save more, reduce debt, build credit and meet their long-term goals.To learn more, visit www.chase.com/SecureBanking.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005096/en/SOURCE: ChaseMaribel Ferrer, Maribel.Ferrer@chase.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Chase Launches New Checking Account to Expand Access to Banking"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/visas-stock-slips-mastercard-shares-briefly-see-green-after-apple-card-announced-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 1:58 p.m. ET", "article": "Shares of Visa Inc. V, -0.08% slipped into negative territory in afternoon trade Monday, in the wake of Apple Inc.'s AAPL, +0.96% announcement of a new credit card during the technology giant's press event. Visa's eased 0.3%, after being up about 0.2% just before Apple's announcement. Apple said the card, which will be built into the Apple Wallet app will have no fees, including no late-payment penalty, and aims to provide low interest rates. Meanwhile, Mastercard Inc.'s stock MA, -0.09% got a brief lift into positive territory, before erasing gains to be down 0.4%, after Apple said it was partnering with Goldman Sachs and Mastercard to provide support of an issuing bank and global payments network. Apple's stock shed 1.5% in afternoon trade. Visa's stock has rallied 30.5% over the past 12 months and Mastercard shares have run up 33.8%, while Apple's stock has climbed 14.0% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.05% has advanced 8.1%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Visa's stock slips, Mastercard shares briefly see green after Apple Card announced"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/geicos-tips-for-small-business-owners-at-tax-time-2019-03-23": {"date": "Mar 23, 2019 12:04 p.m. ET", "article": "Small business owners know \u201ctax time\u201d is an all-year-long process. With new tax rules in effect, GEICO has four tips that could save you and your business some cash:This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190323005001/en/For more information about commercial insurance, visit GEICOCommercial.com to research and buy a policy online, or call one of our agents at 866-640-2658 to walk through what you may need.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190323005001/en/SOURCE: GEICOGEICO Communications\ngcorpcomm@geico.com\nTo view GEICO's Blog: https://www.geico.com/more/Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "GEICO\u2019s Tips for Small Business Owners at Tax Time"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/accengage-enables-businesses-to-personally-connect-with-their-customers-on-whatsapp-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 4:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Accengage, an Urban Airship company and Europe\u2019s #1 mobile CRM and push notification technology provider, today announced that it is adding WhatsApp as one of its customer engagement channels. Brands can now engage with prospects and customers using push notifications and automated replies through the WhatsApp Business API. To make it even more powerful and easy to use, the new solution leverages the full power of Accengage\u2019s UI for segmentation, personalization, localized languages and connections with other business systems.As a WhatsApp Business solution provider, Accengage enables enterprises to send personalized WhatsApp messages and interact with their global customer bases at immense scale.Businesses using Accengage can send non-promotional notifications and automated replies to WhatsApp users who have explicitly given their consent. Such WhatsApp notifications can include status updates on deliveries or flight times, proactive reminders or transactional details following a booking or an order, as well as requests for customer feedback.This new Accengage channel opens up even more potential solutions that combine Accengage and Urban Airship technologies. New capabilities like being able to create a personalized loyalty card, coupon or mobile boarding pass or ticket using Urban Airship, and deliver it to customers on WhatsApp via Accengage, are receiving strong interest from international companies across retail, travel and entertainment industries.\u201cWith more than 1.5 billion users across 180 countries, WhatsApp offers businesses a rare opportunity to engage more of their customers with meaningful and impactful experiences,\u201d said Patrick Mareuil, former CEO and co-founder of Accengage, now managing director of EMEA at Urban Airship. \u201cWe are already seeing fantastic interest from businesses around the world interested in adding WhatsApp as a channel to reach more prospects and customers in moments that really matter to them.\u201dAbout Accengage, an Urban Airship CompanyFounded in 2010, Accengage is Europe\u2019s leading Push Notification & Mobile CRM Technology for Mobile Apps, Websites, Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp.In January 2019, Accengage was acquired by Urban Airship to create the world\u2019s leading digital customer engagement company. Together, the combined company provides the technology to create magical customer experiences via push notifications, in-app messaging, SMS, email, messaging apps, mobile wallets and other channels.Accengage empowers marketers in more than 70 countries to boost customer engagement, conversion and retention. The company sends over 10 billion push notifications monthly to 900 million customers worldwide for hundreds of brands. To learn more about Accengage, please visit: www.accengage.com.About the Accengage solution for WhatsApp NotificationsAccengage provides the WhatsApp Business API as part of its SaaS technology. Businesses have access to the Accengage user interface where they can create segments, set up messages, send WhatsApp notifications and analyze performance. Some of the features available now include the support of multilingual messages, personalization, automation and interconnection to external CRM & marketing solutions. Multilingual support and customer success teams are available to onboard new customers and train them on the new channel.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190327005071/en/SOURCE: Accengage, an Urban Airship CompanyUK:\nLucinda Layton\nHotwire UK\n+44 20 7608 2500\nUrbanAirship@hotwireglobal.com France:\nSarah Amsellem Arbre / Marine Cressot\nHotwire France\n+33 14 312 55 53 / 69\nUrbanAirshipFR@hotwireglobal.com Nicolas Vitre\nUrban Airship\n+33 1 44 56 88 21\n+33 6 88 04 76 86\nnicolas.vitre@urbanairship.com Germany:\nJulia da Silva Bastos\nHotwire Germany\n+49 89 2620 81 89\nurbanairshipDE@hotwireglobal.com Italy:\nSara Tetti\nHotwire Italy\nNumber\nUrbanAirshipIT@hotwireglobal.com Spain:\nBeatriz P\u00e9rez\nHotwire Spain\n+34 917 44 1265\nbeatriz.perez@hotwireglobal.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Accengage Enables Businesses to Personally Connect With Their Customers on WhatsApp"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/lubrizol-engineered-polymers-unveil-polymer-solutions-for-automotive-interior-applications-at-piae-2019-2019-03-06": {"date": "Mar 6, 2019 8:00 a.m. ET", "article": "(GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- News ReleaseLubrizol Engineered Polymers Unveil Polymer Solutions for Automotive Interior Applications at PIAE 2019CLEVELAND, March 6, 2019 - The Lubrizol Corporation will be exhibiting at Plastics in Automotive Engineering (PIAE) International Conference April 3-4 in Manheim, Germany. Offering a one-stop solution for the transportation industry, Lubrizol offers a wide range of high-performing automotive solutions for equipment manufacturers and suppliers, from the powertrain to the interior cabin and exterior.As part of the exhibit, the Lubrizol Engineered Polymers business will unveil its specialty technologies for automotive interiors at PIAE where plastics experts have been looking into plastic applications and their uses in vehicles for four decades. Lubrizol Engineered Polymers have lightweight and durable solutions that can help make car interiors safer, more comfortable and more attractive by applying color-stable polymers in light-colored designs. Lubrizol Engineered Polymers also helps make car interiors more environmentally-friendly by offering low VOC/FOG materials, and a bio-based** thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) portfolio for molded parts.\"PIAE is a great opportunity for Lubrizol to showcase its latest developments to meet the demands of the dynamic automotive industry,\" states Santosh Mishra, global marketing segment manager - transportation for Engineered Polymers. \"Lubrizol drives every phase of performance using a full portfolio of valuable polymers for automotive interior solutions that are applied from molded or thermoformed parts to seats, instruments and door panels.\".About Lubrizol Engineered PolymersWith more than 60 years of experience and a worldwide network that includes formulation design, manufacturing, R&D and cutting-edge technologies, Lubrizol Engineered Polymers offers one of the broadest portfolios of engineered polymers available today including resins that are bio-based**, recyclable*, light stable, flame retardant, adhesive, chemically resistant, optically clear and fast cycling. Our technology crosses many industries and applications, including surface protection, power and fluid systems, sports and recreation, wearable devices, electronics and automotive. For more information, visit www.lubrizol.com/engineered-polymers or contact engineeredpolymers@lubrizol.com- more -About The Lubrizol CorporationThe Lubrizol Corporation, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is a market-driven global company that combines complex, specialty chemicals to optimize the quality, performance and value of customers' products while reducing their environmental impact. It is a leader at combining market insights with chemistry and application capabilities to deliver valuable solutions to customers in the global transportation, industrial and consumer markets. Lubrizol improves lives by acting as an essential partner in our customers' success, delivering efficiency, reliability or wellness to their end users. Technologies include lubricant additives for engine oils, driveline and other transportation-related fluids, industrial lubricants, as well as additives for gasoline and diesel fuel. In addition, Lubrizol makes ingredients and additives for home care, personal care and skin care products and specialty materials encompassing polymer and coatings technologies, along with polymer-based pharmaceutical and medical device solutions.With headquarters in Wickliffe, Ohio, Lubrizol owns and operates manufacturing facilities in 17 countries, as well as sales and technical offices around the world. Founded in 1928, Lubrizol has approximately 8,700 employees worldwide. Revenues for 2018 were $6.8 billion. For more information, visit Lubrizol.com.*Recyclability is based on access to a readily available standard recycling program that supports such materials. Products may not be available in all areas.**Bio-based content as certified in accordance with ASTM D-6866.All marks are owned by The Lubrizol Corporation.Lubrizol Engineered Polymers unveil polymer solutions for automotive interior applications at PIAE 2019.Media ContactsNicholas Galioto+1 216 447-5697The Lubrizol Corporation- more -Lidia Valcarcel+34 93 579-9565Web Siteswww.lubrizol.com/engineered-polymerswww.lubrizol.comThis announcement is distributed by West Corporation on behalf of West Corporation clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: Lubrizol via GlobenewswireCopyright (C) 2019 GLOBE NEWSWIRE. All rights reserved.", "title": "Lubrizol Engineered Polymers Unveil Polymer Solutions for Automotive Interior Applications at PIAE 2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bnsf-plans-140-million-capital-program-in-missouri-for-2019-2019-02-27": {"date": "Feb 27, 2019 12:02 p.m. ET", "article": "BNSF Railway Company (BNSF) today announced that its 2019 capital expenditure program in Missouri will be approximately $140 million. The largest component of this year\u2019s capital plan in the state will be for replacing and upgrading rail, rail ties and ballast, which are the main components for the tracks on which BNSF trains operate. These planned maintenance projects help enable BNSF to operate a safe and reliable rail network.Over the past five years, BNSF has invested more than $935 million to expand and maintain its network in Missouri. This year, the maintenance program in Missouri includes more than 1,070 miles of track surfacing and/or undercutting work as well as the replacement of nearly 45 miles of rail and more than 150,000 ties.\u201cBNSF\u2019s tracks reach all parts of the state of Missouri, helping consumers get the agricultural, consumer and industrial products they need in their everyday lives,\u201d said Steve Thompson, general manager of operations, Heartland Division. \u201cEach year, we move 5 million carloads on our tracks in Missouri, and our annual maintenance projects play a key role in moving that freight safely.\u201dThe 2019 planned capital investments in the state are part of BNSF\u2019s $3.57 billion network-wide capital expenditure program announced earlier this month. These investments include roughly $2.47 billion to replace and maintain core network and related assets, approximately $760 million on expansion and efficiency projects and about $340 million for freight cars and other equipment acquisitions.About BNSFBNSF Railway is one of North America\u2019s leading freight transportation companies. BNSFoperatesapproximately 32,500 route miles of track in 28 states and also operates in three Canadian provinces. BNSF is one of the top transporters of consumer goods, grain and agricultural products, low-sulfur coal, and industrial goods such as petroleum, chemicals, housing materials, food and beverages. BNSF\u2019s shipments help feed, clothe, supply, and power American homes and businesses every day. BNSF and its employees have developed one of the most technologically advanced, and efficient railroads in the industry. We work continuously to improve the value of the safety, service, energy, and environmental benefits we provide to our customers and the communities we serve. You can learn more about BNSF at www.BNSF.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190227005674/en/SOURCE: BNSF Railway CompanyAndy Williams\n817-867-6369\nAndy.Williams@bnsf.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "BNSF Plans $140 Million Capital Program in Missouri for 2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/this-is-what-a-mobile-wallet-could-to-your-holiday-spending-its-not-pretty-2018-12-03": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 11:34 a.m. ET", "article": "A tap here and a tap there is all it takes to end up in the red.Mobile payments encourage people spend more money, according to a recent study performed by researchers at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The researchers examined transaction data from one of the largest banks in China and Alipay BABA, -0.12% the Chinese mobile payment platform, to understand how adoption of mobile payments affects spending habits.Don\u2019t miss: Apple\u2019s new credit card offers 2% \u2018daily\u2019 cash back \u2014 what consumers need to know about itGranted, mobile payments are more common in China, where the study focused its findings. Indeed, in some of the largest cities in China mobile payments are actually the preferred payment method over traditional credit cards and cash.But the mobile wallet industry is gaining a stronger foothold in the U.S. While roughly half of American cell phone users had engaged in some form of mobile payment, that figure is expected to grow to 90% by 2020 thanks to more widespread adoption of platforms like Apple AAPL, +0.93%  and Android Pay GOOG, -0.63% according to a recent report from Zion Market Research.Don\u2019t miss: 7 credit-card hacks to save moneyHere is what the researchers found:\u201cOnce consumers adopt mobile payment and integrate it into their daily lives, it effectively replaces the credit cards in their wallets,\u201d said Yuqian Xu, a professor of business administration at University of Illinois and one of the study\u2019s co-authors.\u201cIt\u2019s the future of how consumers will pay for small-ticket items, which means you will see fewer and fewer people carrying actual, physical credit cards in the coming years. They\u2019ll just carry their phones, so they may not even need their wallet. It\u2019s more convenient and it merges payment channels.\u201dThe researchers\u2019 findings fit into previous studies that have shown how payment methods other than cash can promote increased spending. Previous research on credit cards has shown that they similarly promote more frequent spending and costlier purchases.Similarly, people who purchased an Amazon Echo AMZN, -0.33%  smart speaker were found to spend $1,700 annually on average with the online retailer, compared with $1,300 for those who were just members of the Amazon Prime program.(This story was updated on March 26, 2019.)Want news about Asia delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Asia Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "All the ways mobile wallets can do serious damage to your finances"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/offerup-expands-executive-team-with-ameesh-paleja-former-cto-of-starz-as-chief-technology-officer-and-sarah-bilton-as-vp-of-employee-experience-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "SEATTLE, March 21, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- OfferUp, the largest mobile marketplace in the U.S. for local buyers and sellers, today announced the appointment of Ameesh Paleja as Chief Technology Officer and Sarah Bilton as Vice President of Employee Experience. The announcement comes on the heels of Bill Carr (15-year Amazon veteran) joining the company as COO, and Rodrigo Brumana (previously from eBay) as CFO. The high profile additions to the executive leadership team underscores the company's dedication to providing buyers and sellers with the simplest and most trusted marketplace experience.\"This is an exciting time for OfferUp with nearly a trillion dollars worth of unused items inside American households,\" said Nick Huzar, co-founder and CEO of OfferUp. \"As a top five shopping app on iOS and Android, we're rapidly entering our next stage of growth by investing in maturing business lines, and continuing to build our executive roster with strong leaders who have proven experience scaling companies.\"Paleja, former CTO of Starz and co-founder and CEO of Atom Tickets, will oversee OfferUp's engineering and data science teams and will be responsible for all strategic aspects of the technology organization, including infrastructure, security, product engineering, and architecture.\"To disrupt an entire industry, you need a simple idea that's brilliantly executed,\" said Paleja. \"OfferUp is a marketplace leader because it is unwavering in its passion for delivering exceptional experiences for its users. I look forward to working with an incredibly talented team to provide buyers and sellers with products and services that have a direct impact on their success.\"Prior to joining OfferUp and as CTO of Starz, Paleja oversaw the modernization of Starz's technology platform, enabling their international expansion and managing the overhaul of the company's digital media publishing pipeline. Paleja spent more than 10 years at Amazon, where he was the founding employee of Amazon's digital research and development facility in Southern California, managing a team of over 550 employees for products including Amazon Prime Instant Video, Amazon's Appstore, Cloud Drive, and Kindle. As co-founder of Atom Tickets, Paleja continues to serve on its board as a strategic advisor. He has a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from the University of California, San Diego, and holds 24 patents in digital video and related fields.Bilton joins OfferUp as the Vice President of Employee Experience after having most recently served as the Vice President of People Practices at e-commerce start-ups Julep Beauty and Leafly. In her new role, she will lead the strategic development of OfferUp's employee experience initiatives to help drive business results, foster manager success, and increase employee engagement and retention.\"I came to OfferUp because I believe in the passionate employees here and their authentic vision to empower people to prosper,\" said Bilton. \"I'm excited to guide our path in creating a high-quality employee experience and invest in the company's most valuable strengths as it enters its next chapter: its people and its culture.\"Bilton has spent more than 13 years at startups in the Seattle-area tech community building people practices and culture. In 2005, she joined Zillow and helped guide the human resources group from start-up through IPO. She began her career in New York City working in fashion and technology and holds an honors degree in Sociology and American Studies from the University of Wolverhampton in the UK.More InformationCareer opportunities are available now across several OfferUp departments. See the Careers page, follow @lifeatofferup on Instagram, or check out the OfferUp blog for more details.About OfferUpOfferUp is dedicated to building the simplest and most trustworthy way for people to buy and sell in their communities. As the largest mobile marketplace for local buyers and sellers in the U.S., the company's iOS and Android apps have been in the top five most popular shopping apps lists for more than three years. The privately held company is based in Bellevue, WA and backed by top investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Warburg Pincus, GGV Capital, T Rowe Price and Coatue Management. For more information, visit our website and follow us on Twitter and Facebook. View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/offerup-expands-executive-team-with-ameesh-paleja-former-cto-of-starz-as-chief-technology-officer-and-sarah-bilton-as-vp-of-employee-experience-300816093.htmlSOURCE OfferUpCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "OfferUp Expands Executive Team with Ameesh Paleja, Former CTO of Starz, as Chief Technology Officer, and Sarah Bilton as VP of Employee Experience"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-announces-proposed-senior-notes-offering-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 5:00 a.m. ET", "article": "(GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- NEW YORK, March 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nasdaq, Inc. (the \"Company\") NDAQ, +0.37% today announced that it plans to offer, subject to market and other conditions, Euro-denominated senior notes (the \"Offering\"). The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the Offering to refinance indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes.J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Merrill Lynch International, Mizuho International plc and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) will act as joint book-running managers for the Offering. HSBC Bank plc, ICBC Standard Bank Plc, Nordea Bank Abp, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and Wells Fargo Securities International Limited are acting as co-managers for the Offering.The Offering will be made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement, previously filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the \"SEC\"). Before investing, you should read the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus, as well as other documents the Company has filed with the SEC, for a more complete understanding of the Company and the Offering. These documents are available for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.Alternatively, copies may be obtained by contacting J.P. Morgan Securities plc at 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP, United Kingdom, Facsimile: +44 20 3493 0682, Attention: Head of Debt Syndicate and Head of EMEA Debt Capital Markets Group; Merrill Lynch International, 2 King Edward Street, London EC1A 1HQ, United Kingdom, Telephone: 1-800-294-1322, Facsimile: +44 (0)20 7995 0048, Attention: Syndicate Desk; Mizuho International plc, 30 Old Bailey, London EC4M 7AU, United Kingdom, Attention: Legal Department; Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Kungstradgardsgatan 8, 106 40, Stockholm, Sweden.This press release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offering, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSInformation set forth in this communication contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. The Company cautions readers that any forward-looking information is not a guarantee of future performance and that actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking information. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the Offering, the Company's plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties or other factors beyond the Company's control. These factors include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to implement its strategic initiatives, economic, political and market conditions and fluctuations, government and industry regulation, interest rate risk, U.S. and global competition, and other factors detailed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q which are available on the Company's investor relations website at http://ir.nasdaq.com and the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.About Nasdaq:Nasdaq NDAQ, +0.37% is a leading global provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, listing, information and public company services. Through its diverse portfolio of solutions, Nasdaq enables customers to plan, optimize and execute their business vision with confidence, using proven technologies that provide transparency and insight for navigating today's global capital markets. As the creator of the world's first electronic stock market, its technology powers more than 100 marketplaces in 50 countries. Nasdaq is home to approximately 4,000 total listings with a market value of approximately $12 trillion. To learn more, visit: http://business.nasdaq.com.Nasdaq Media Contact:Allan Schoenberg(212) 231-5534allan.schoenberg@nasdaq.comRyan Wellsryan.wells@nasdaq.comDirect: +44 (0) 20 3753 2231Mobile: +44 (0) 7809 596 390Nasdaq Investor Relations Contact:Ed Ditmire, CFA(212) 401-8737ed.ditmire@nasdaq.com-NDAQF-Copyright (C) 2019 GLOBE NEWSWIRE. All rights reserved.", "title": "Nasdaq, Inc. Announces Proposed Senior Notes Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/zs-achieves-amazon-web-services-life-sciences-competency-status-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "EVANSTON, Ill., March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- In a move that strengthens ZS's existing relationship with Amazon Web Services (AWS), the professional services firm today announced that it has achieved AWS Life Sciences Competency status.ZS joins a group of companies in the AWS Partner Network that have been recognized for their ability to deliver effective solutions to life sciences customers. The Life Sciences Competency status highlights ZS's success in building AWS-based solutions for their life sciences customers, including analytics platforms like REVO Analytics\u2122, that help pharmaceutical, biotech and medical device companies make proactive business decisions using critical insights derived from integrated data sources.To achieve this recognition, companies within the AWS Partner Network must possess deep AWS knowledge and undergo a thorough assessment of the security, performance and reliability of their AWS-based life sciences solutions.\"This AWS competency achievement demonstrates that our customers can be confident that they work with a vetted life sciences partner that uses industry-approved cloud practices,\" said Kapil Nayyar, a principal and technology leader at ZS. \"It validates that we know how to build solutions specific to life sciences that leverage the best of AWS.\"\"The new status ensures that ZS will maintain a close relationship with AWS while constantly learning, improving and adopting the newest best practices and strategies for our cloud-based analytics offerings,\" added Dharmendra Sahay, a principal and global leader of integrated analytics solutions at ZS. \"It's a big milestone to work with AWS and open the door to bringing faster data and analytics innovations to our customers.\"About ZSZS is a professional services firm that works side by side with companies to help develop and deliver products that drive customer value and company results. We leverage our deep industry expertise, leading-edge analytics, technology and strategy to create solutions that work in the real world. With more than 35 years of experience and 6,000-plus ZSers in 23 offices worldwide, we are passionately committed to helping companies and their customers thrive. To learn more, visit www.zs.com or follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.CONTACT: Elizabeth Summers, 312-729-4254, esummers@golin.comView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zs-achieves-amazon-web-services-life-sciences-competency-status-300817265.htmlSOURCE ZSCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "ZS Achieves Amazon Web Services Life Sciences Competency Status"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-you-should-let-the-lyft-ipo-go-by-and-grab-it-when-it-comes-around-again-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 7:02 a.m. ET", "article": "The usual pitch for an initial public offering of a technology stock like Lyft is that the company will make the world better and make tons of money \u2014 doing well, in other words, by doing good.Sometimes, that\u2019s true \u2014 Alphabet\u2019s GOOG, -0.70%  as good an example as any. Sometimes, it\u2019s hype on both sides \u2014 the so-called \u201csocial finance\u201d IPOs like LendingClub LC, +2.81%  have been duds because of easily spottable problems in their business models.And now the market is preparing for the IPO of Lyft LYFT, +0.00%  , the mobile-phone-based ride-hailing service, whose $2 billion offering and $21.9 billion post-offering value are each the biggest in years, easily trumping the $6.9 billion IPO valuation of Levi Strauss LEVI, +1.42%  , the 166-year old clothing company that went public (again) Wednesday night.Lyft is likely to stop well short of changing the world in the way its founders project \u2014 at least soon. But this, if you look at Lyft\u2019s numbers, may not be a problem for stockholders. Buying Lyft shares is a close call, and has a lot to do with one\u2019s level of risk-taking.\u201cWe have an opportunity to deliver the largest shift in society since the invention of the car,\u201d CEO Logan Green says in the company\u2019s video roadshow.Lyft\u2019s core idea isn\u2019t that it\u2019s a useful way to get a ride home when you\u2019ve drunk too much, or when you\u2019re a college kid with no car: It\u2019s that the world has been going about car ownership all wrong.The average car spends 95% of its time just sitting there, chief marketing officer Joy Howard says in Lyft\u2019s video. Transportation costs the average household $9,500 a year, most of it for monthly payments, insurance, gas, parking and the rest. The long-term argument for Lyft (and, coming soon to public markets, Uber) is that this is as big a market anomaly waiting to be corrected as retail stores that spend 40 cents of every dollar of sales on physical stores.And since cars are a $1 trillion U.S. market, including those other expenses, Lyft says, displacing that is a huge opportunity.Just don\u2019t hold your breath \u2014 instead, apply your common sense. Replacing your cars \u2014 or one of them, at least \u2014 with a monthly subscription to a service like Lyft can make a certain sense. That is, if you live in a city where you go lots of places that are close by, can benefit from the density of people, destinations and potential drivers near you, and don\u2019t mind waiting if Lyft has to take some time finding a driver for you.Now imagine you live not in San Francisco, where Lyft is based, but on Amelia Island, Fla., where on-demand cars are scarce, as my mother-in-law does.Or in Winston-Salem. N.C., where a 20-minute ride to the airport costs $50 and rides around town are expensive enough that my carless kid, who goes to school there, pays the big service charge for Uber Eats, plus tips, for delivery. Just last night, in fact, Uber charged him $10 in fees \u2014 plus tip \u2014 to deliver $6.69 worth of McDonald\u2019s. Getting a ride there would\u2019ve cost more.Lyft itself says only 1% of U.S. passenger miles are traveled through on-demand apps, so the idea that this is transformative to American car ownership is nearly as far removed from mass reality as when I heard it 15 years ago. When on-demand services can instantly serve a grocery-store round trip for less than $15 on Amelia, or deliver hamburgers in Winston for less than the gross domestic product of a small country, let\u2019s talk.It might also be a clue that Green, the CEO, is shown in the roadshow being driven around Manhattan, while the marketing guru, Howard, is seen on a New York subway. These are many miles removed \u2014 physically and psychically \u2014 from the actual American auto market.But that doesn\u2019t mean Lyft\u2019s IPO isn\u2019t a good deal \u2014 does it? The key is whether the business they have now (or soon) is enough to justify the offer price.Personally, I\u2019d pass. But it\u2019s a close call.I spent years covering IPOs, and they\u2019re simple \u2014 you check whether specific things are happening to the numbers. In Lyft\u2019s case, they\u2019re mostly not.The growth is there \u2014 revenue was $2.16 billion in 2018, up from $1.06 billion the year before. That\u2019s necessary, but not sufficient, to justify paying 10 times Lyft\u2019s trailing sales for a share of stock.The next thing you look for is operating leverage \u2014 is the cost of providing the service declining as a percentage of sales? Crucially, are overhead and marketing expenses declining relative to sales? (They\u2019re supposed to rise as the company grows, but much more slowly than revenues, reversing the big losses that tech startups incur).Lyft\u2019s answers are unconvincing to those questions, so far.The cost of services at Lyft dropped to 58% of sales last year from 62% in 2017 \u2014 better, but maybe not $22 billion worth of better. Marketing costs dropped to 37% of revenue from 54% \u2014 that\u2019s more like it. But Lyft\u2019s losses were still 42% of sales last year, including 37% in the fourth quarter.That\u2019s better than 60%-plus in 2017 \u2014 but still marks Lyft as a year or more away from being a paradigmatic IPO investment. The best come public when they are just turning profitable, or at least cash-flow positive. Lyft reportedly is telling investors that one day it will make 20% profit margins before interest, taxes and non-cash expenses \u2014 but is vague about how and when.Now, perhaps enthusiasm will take over \u2014 more likely, some bump will come up and make people who pay up for Lyft, especially in the aftermarket, wish they waited. That happened with most great first-generation tech IPOs \u2014 even more-recent Facebook FB, +0.84%  and Square SQ, -0.83%   IPOs took 30%-50% haircuts for a while.Over time, Lyft is a real company \u2014 and a good stock at the right price. Fast-forward a few years and autonomous cars will be here \u2014 and Lyft can phase out drivers if it wants. Electric cars will be cheaper than gasoline-powered cars, or so we\u2019re told. That business will print money.I\u2019ll feel OK if some mutual fund I own places a small bet on Lyft. Fidelity Investments already owns 7% of it. I\u2019ll feel better still if that mutual fund waits out a post-IPO surge and dip before plunking my money down, in time to ride Lyft\u2019s real wave a few years from now.", "title": "Opinion: Why you should let the Lyft IPO go by, and grab it when it comes around again"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-facial-discrimination-against-older-workers-is-robbing-millennials-of-valuable-life-skills-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 12:52 p.m. ET", "article": "Do you wish people saw you as 20 years younger? A 69-year old Dutch man tested this proposition a few months ago when he filed suit to change his legal age much like people change their legal name or gender. A Dutch court turned down Emile Ratelband\u2019s request stating, \u201cMr Ratelband is at liberty to feel 20 years younger than his real age and to act accordingly, but amending his date of birth would cause 20 years of records to vanish from the register of births, deaths, marriages and registered partnerships.\u201d\u201cFacial discrimination\u201d may be quickly catching up with racial discrimination as a well-known societal ill. Last year, the Communication Workers of America union expanded the scope of the class action suit they filed against some of the country\u2019s largest employers \u2014 a diverse list of companies that included Amazon.com AMZN, -0.31%  , T-Mobile TMUS, +0.04%  , Capital One Financial COF, -0.56%  and Enterprise Rent-a-Car \u2014 accused of deliberately targeting their Facebook FB, +0.40%  ads to exclude older workers. Coming on the heels of ProPublica\u2019s investigation that IBM IBM, -0.29%  has quietly pushed out upwards of 20,000 aging workers over the past five years, the lesson is clear: age discrimination remains the last socially acceptable bias in our society.Although the Age Discrimination Employment Act of 1967 prohibits discrimination against people 40 and older, a recent survey by AARP showed that two-thirds of workers between the ages of 45 to 74 said they have seen or experienced ageism. And, for all that has been written about the woeful lack of diversity and \u201cbro culture\u201d that prevails in the tech industry, Silicon Valley\u2019s 150-biggest tech companies have actually faced more accusations of age bias over the past decade than racial or gender bias.So, while class action lawsuits and tough journalistic scrutiny are steps in the right direction, efforts to merely enforce the law are not sufficient. Let\u2019s remember that equal rights for women, blacks, the disabled, gays and lesbians, and others weren\u2019t achieved solely through change in laws, but instead by a change in attitudes that usually predated legislation. Not surprisingly, our culture evolves faster than our senators in Washington.Yet our culture, in this particular arena, is lagging behind. The brisk march of progress from the industrial to the tech era has created a strong bias toward digital natives who understand gadgets and gigabytes better than those of us who didn\u2019t grow up \u201cbyting\u201d from the Apple in childhood. One paradox of our time is that baby boomers enjoy better health than ever, remain vibrant and stay in the workplace longer, but feel less and less relevant. They worry, justifiably, that bosses or potential employers may see their experience and the clocked years that come with it as more of a liability than an asset. They fear becoming increasingly invisible, being cast aside.A new period of life is materializing before our eyes. According to the Oxford English Dictionary, middle age is between 45 and 65, but in many industries, especially in technology, you may feel \u201cold\u201d at 35 \u2014 even though you might continue to work full time until you hit 75. Forty years of midlife \u2014 35 to 75 \u2014 may feel like a run-on sentence that could use some punctuation \u2014 especially in a world where more of us are living to 100. We\u2019re growing older, but power is moving younger.While the median age of employees in the United States is 42, that number is more than a decade younger among the tech titans. A Harvard Business Review study showed that the average age of founders of unicorns (private companies with more than $1 billion in valuation) is 31, and the average age of their CEOs is 41 (as compared to the average age of an S&P 500 SPX, -0.11%   company CEO, which is 52).The problem is that many of these young leaders are being thrust into positions of power long before they are ready \u2014 often tasked with running companies or departments that are scaling quickly with little experience or guidance. As a young tech leader asked me the other day, \u201cHow can I microwave my leadership skills?\u201dThe answer: there is a generation of older workers with wisdom and experience, specialized knowledge, and unparalleled ability to teach, coach, and counsel, who could pair with these ambitious millennials to create businesses that are built to endure.In early 2013, I returned to the workforce in my mid-50s as a senior executive with tech start-up Airbnb. I was twice the age of the average employee and was reporting to co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky who was 21 years my junior. What I lacked in DQ (Digital Intelligence), I made up for in accumulated EQ (Emotional Intelligence). The mutual mentoring I offered and received turned me into what I call a \u201cModern Elder:\u201d someone who marries wisdom and experience with curiosity, a beginner\u2019s mind, and a willingness to learn from those younger. With five generations in the workplace for the first time, it\u2019s essential that we embrace and develop more means for such intergenerational collaboration.The attitudinal change necessary for Modern Elders to flourish needs to start with our language. It\u2019s time to liberate the word \u201celder\u201d from the word \u201celder-ly.\u201d The elderly are older and often dependent upon society and, yet, often separated from the young. On the other hand, society has historically been dependent upon on our elders, who have been of service to the young. Given that the average age of someone moving into a retirement home has moved from 65-years-old 60 years ago to 81 today, we have so many productive elders in our midst who are growing whole, not just old.Ageism is one of the few \u201cisms\u201d that ultimately affects us all. As deeply divided as we are politically and culturally today, the eventual arrival of elderhood is a condition that unites us. It\u2019s time we embraced age like any other type of diversity. Wisdom precedes us and will succeed us. The Modern Age needs Modern Elders.Chip Conley is a strategic adviser to Airbnb after being its head of global hospitality and strategy. He wrote about his experience in the book, \u201cWisdom@Work: The Making of a Modern Elder,\u201d and has founded the Modern Elder Academy, a midlife wisdom school in Mexico.Also: Jobs are everywhere, just not for people over 55More: Would you vote for a senior citizen for president ", "title": "Opinion: Ageism in the workplace is robbing millennials of valuable life skills"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/mueller-concludes-russia-probe-delivers-report-to-the-attorney-general-2019-03-23": {"date": "Mar 23, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Special counsel Robert Mueller presented his long-awaited report to the Justice Department on Friday, ending his nearly two-year investigation that has roiled the Trump presidency and likely setting up a battle with Congress over what he has found. See full story.Nike led the Dow Jones Industrial Average lower as bond investors sent a clear signal they expect the economic expansion to end. See full story.Pinterest filed the first documents in its much anticipated initial public offering on Friday, and the 184-plus page S-1 had a surprise or two about the online image discovery company. See full story.Mark Zuckerberg, the co-founder and chief executive of Facebook Inc., seems increasingly alone at the top of his company with the departure of two key executives last week, after his privacy pivot. See full story.This woman\u2019s friend has Stage IV lung disease and made her a generous offer that she may refuse. See full story.Other moms and dads hire $400 camp consultants to help their children score a place at highly competitive venues. See full story.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Mueller concludes Russia probe, delivers report to the attorney general"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-futures-climb-as-china-trade-talks-set-to-resume-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 4:24 p.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks closed higher Tuesday as the energy and financial sectors buoyed the market, but main indexes came off their intraday highs on tepid housing and consumer-confidence data as well as lingering uncertainties over global growth and Brexit.The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.00% rose 140.90 points, or 0.6%, to 25,657.73 after being up more than 200 points during the session. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.09% advanced 20.10 points, or 0.7%, to 2,818.46, with energy and financial shares leading the gainers. The Nasdaq Composite COMP, -0.14% climbed 53.98 points, or 0.7%, to 7,691.52.Read: Why an inverted yield curve doesn\u2019t mean investors should immediately sell stocksU.S.-China trade negotiations resumed, reigniting some optimism that the high-stakes dispute was coming to a close. Cabinet-level trade negotiations between Beijing and Washington were scheduled to kick off, with U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin due in China later this week to help conclude long-running discussions between the world\u2019s two largest economies.A resolution of disagreements on tariffs could offer a boost to markets and provide some succor to investors wringing their hands over growing signs of a slowdown in the global economy \u2014 possibly exacerbated by the trade dispute.Still, the latest data released suggested that U.S. economic growth may be softening.Home builders broke ground on new-home construction at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.16 million in February, that\u2019s a 9% decline from the month before and well below levels seen last year.Home prices grew at the slowest pace in more than six years, with the S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller 20-city index rising at a seasonally adjusted rate of 0.2% in January compared with December.Consumer confidence fell sharply in March, according to the Conference Board\u2019s consumer confidence index, which fell to 124.1 from 131.4 in February.Financial markets had been rattled by the inversion of the yield curve \u2014 an unusual condition in which rates for shorter-dated government debt rise above rates for its longer-dated counterparts. The inversion between the three-month Treasury TMUBMUSD03M, +0.10%  and the 10-year note inverted for the first time since 2007 on Friday.The 10-year Treasury yield TMUBMUSD10Y, -2.15% , however, edged higher Tuesday to 2.42%.Investors were also monitoring Brexit, after U.K. lawmakers decided late Monday to wrest control of the process of leaving the European Union away from Prime Minister Theresa May in a move that will prompt a series of votes this week aimed at easing legislative gridlock. A disorderly exit from the EU by Britain could unsettle global benchmarks.Read: Brexit vote leaves European markets in wait-and-see turmoil\u201cWe have been in a short-term downtrend, technically speaking. Last week, we tested the 26,000 level in the industrials twice unsuccessfully and sold off,\u201d said Sahak Manuelian, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities. \u201cInvestor sentiment [is] still weary around the big gains year to date, global growth concerns persist, lack of clarity around U.S.-China trade and if anything seemingly getting pushed out further, and Brexit [is] still messy.\u201d\u201cWe\u2019re getting a favorable reaction in equity markets because [bond] yields haven\u2019t moved materially lower,\u201d Michael Reynolds, investment strategy officer at Glenmede, told MarketWatch\u201cWe see the inversion of the three-month, 10-year yield curve as a technical inversion. And just because it\u2019s one of the best indicators of a coming recession, it\u2019s not a perfect indicator,\u201d he added.Equity investors have decided to \u201cnot hit the panic button just yet,\u201d given that low yields on long-term government debt could be more a result of low or negative yields on other developed-economy government bonds, rather than bond investors signaling a lack of confidence in growth of the U.S. economy, Reynolds said.\u201cThere is plenty of internal energy for the stock market on a monthly, or intermediate-term basis, but the short-term work suggests a continuation of a stall for the equity markets with no big downside move provided there is not a \u2018black swan\u2019 news event,\u201d wrote Jeffrey Saut, chief investment strategist at Raymond James.Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.93% shares fell 1% after the U. S. International Trade Commission ruled that the iPhone maker infringed on an aspect of a Qualcomm Inc. QCOM, -2.41%  patent, which will result in an import ban on certain devices. Qualcomm shares were up 2.4%.Shares of McCormick & Co. Inc. MKC, +1.38% rose 1% after the spices and seasonings company reported fiscal fourth-quarter earnings that beat Wall Street expectations, though revenue fell short of forecasts.Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. BBBY, -2.07% shares surged 22% after The Wall Street Journal reported that three activist investors are preparing to launch a proxy fight to replace the home furnishings retailer\u2019s entire board.Cronos Group Inc. CRON, -7.61%  shares dropped 1.4% after the cannabis company\u2019s quarterly earnings failed to impress investors. Cronos reported a net loss of C$11.8 million ($8.8 million), or 6 cents a share, for the fourth quarter on revenue of C$5.6 million.Shares of Nvidia Corp. NVDA, -0.84%  rose 1.8% after an analyst at Piper Jaffray recommended investors to focus on the chip maker\u2019s long-term opportunities.European equity markets gained, with the Stoxx 600 Europe index SXXP, +0.55%  up 0.8%. China\u2019s stock markets closed lower, while Japan\u2019s Nikkei NIK, -0.23% rose along with Hong Kong\u2019s Hang Seng Index HSI, +0.56%In commodities markets, crude-oil prices CLK9, +0.25% rallied, while gold prices GCJ9, -0.45%  settled lower, and the U.S. dollar DXY, +0.11% ticked higher.\u2014Mark DeCambre contributed to this reportProviding critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Stocks close higher as energy, financial sectors rally"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/gdit-migrates-defense-health-agency-to-aws-govcloud-us-west-region-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 11:00 a.m. ET", "article": "FALLS CHURCH, Va., March 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- General Dynamics Information Technology (GDIT) announced today it has successfully migrated the Defense Health Agency's (DHA) Armed Forces Billing and Collection Utilization Solution (ABACUS) to Amazon Web Services (AWS) GovCloud (US-West) Region. GDIT becomes the first systems integrator to migrate a DHA Department of Defense (DoD) Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) Impact Level 4 workload to AWS GovCloud (US-West) Region.\"GDIT has reached a significant milestone by successfully navigating DHA's workload to AWS GovCloud (US-West) Region,\" said Vice President Kamal Narang, head of GDIT's Health Sector. \"Our strong relationship with AWS and intimate knowledge of our customer's needs made this challenge a reality and will usher in a new era of cloud agility for DHA.\"\"AWS is very pleased to be working with GDIT to help support our service members,\" said David Levy, Vice President, U.S. Government, Amazon Web Services, Inc. \"The flexibility of AWS GovCloud (US-West) Region gives systems, such as DHA's ABACUS, the ability to provide high-quality health services for our military members and their families while meeting compliance mandates and safeguarding sensitive data.\"DHA awarded the $56 million five-year task order to GDIT under its GSA IT Schedule 70 contract vehicle. It includes a one-year base period with four one-year options. Through this task order, GDIT will operate and sustain ABACUS as a cloud-based managed service offering. GDIT will maintain DoD and DHA cybersecurity posture and Authority to Operate (ATO) while supporting federal financial audit and compliance requirements.GDIT partnered with DHA's Solution Delivery Division (SDD) to design, develop, certify, accredit and deploy ABACUS to the FedRAMP-accredited AWS GovCloud (US-West) Region. This deployment sets a precedent as DHA's first Impact Level 4, FISMA moderate enterprise workload to migrate to the cloud under a Risk Management Framework (RMF) accreditation. The deployment will help DHA further their roadmap and processes for cloud adoption. It is the first DHA cloud deployment to leverage the Defense Information Systems Agency's (DISA) secure cloud computing architecture, establishing a first for DHA, DISA and GDIT.The Defense Health Agency is a joint, integrated-combat support agency. It enables the medical services of the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy and U.S. Air Force to provide support to combatant commands in both peacetime and wartime.AWS is a Strategic Alliance Partner with GDIT, and GDIT is a Premier Consulting Partner in the AWS Partner Network (APN) with managed service provider and government competencies. This relationship enables GDIT to deliver a wide range of solutions on AWS GovCloud (US-West) Region, bridging the gap for federal customers to migrate applications across traditional, private cloud and AWS environments.For more information about General Dynamics Information Technology, a business unit of General Dynamics GD, +0.36% please visit www.gdit.com. View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gdit-migrates-defense-health-agency-to-aws-govcloud-us-west-region-300813604.htmlSOURCE General Dynamics Information TechnologyCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "GDIT Migrates Defense Health Agency to AWS GovCloud (US-West) Region"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/former-ibm-ix-executive-gabriel-miller-joins-landor-as-president-of-the-americas-2019-03-19-9184342": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 9:34 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 19, Mar 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- NEW YORK, March 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Landor, the global brand consultancy, announced today that Gabriel Miller will join the firm as president of the Americas. He will be responsible for growing Landor's Americas business, assuming leadership in the offices in Chicago, Cincinnati, New York, San Francisco and Mexico. Miller joins Landor on 19 March 2019 and reports to CEO Jane Geraghty.A marketing veteran for more than 20 years, Miller recently served as executive partner and NYC studio leader at IBM iX, IBM's digital and design agency. Prior to IBM, he held leadership positions on both the East and West Coasts and was president of Resource/Ammirati and co-president of Avrett Free Ginsberg. Miller has worked with a variety of top brands including Bacardi, Coca-Cola, Fox Sports, JetBlue, McDonald's, Nestle, Neutrogena and Toyota.Geraghty commented, \"As brands in all industries continue to seek opportunity in transformative times, Miller's breadth of experience--helping clients drive brand-led growth using strategy, design and technology--makes him a hugely exciting addition to the Landor team. He also has an infectious passion for our business.\"\"I am excited to be joining one of the world's preeminent brand consultancies, working with the Americas team and partnering with some of the greatest brands on earth,\" Miller said reflecting on his new position. \"Landor not only has a vast portfolio of iconic work, but also is at the forefront of pushing brands and the experiences they create into the future.\"Miller also serves on the Fatherhood Leadership Council of Jessica & Jerry Seinfeld's GOOD+ Foundation helping provide low-income fathers with critical resources to keep their children safe and healthy as they work toward financial stability.For more informationValerie Di Mariathe10companyvalerie.dimaria@the10company.com203-979-6162About Landor\nLandor helps its clients use brand to drive business transformation. We believe that brand is the most vital tool to help companies meet the most pressing challenges in today's rapidly changing world: cultural transformation, differentiated customer experience and tech-enabled innovation.We have been using insights and imagination to help our clients grow for 76 years, across 26 offices in 19 countries, working with a broad range of world-famous brands across many industries. Clients include Barclays, Bayer, BP, Diageo, FedEx, Google, Huawei, J.P. Morgan, Kellogg's, Kraft Heinz, P&G, Squarespace and Tata.Landor is part of WPP, a creative transformation company. For more information, please visit Landor.com and follow Landor on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Former IBM iX executive, Gabriel Miller, joins Landor as president of the Americas"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apples-stock-gains-08-premarket-toward-a-4-mo-high-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 7:43 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nearly-half-of-social-media-users-view-facebook-negatively-after-cambridge-analytica-but-many-still-use-the-platform-new-survey-finds-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 8:49 a.m. ET", "article": "WASHINGTON, March 27, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Forty-four percent (44%) of social media users still have a negative opinion of Facebook because of the Cambridge Analytica data breach, according to a new survey from The Manifest, a business news and how-to website.In March 2018, news broke that political consulting firm Cambridge Analytica acquired and used 50 million Facebook users' personal data without their express permission.People became distrustful of Facebook because of Cambridge Analytica, and Facebook has not gained back some users' trust.\"Facebook really tried to give an image that this type of thing wasn't happening, that their data was safe,\" said Steve Pearson, CEO of Friendemic, an online reputation company. \"To see something like this come out, it was a blow to many consumers who were otherwise trusting.\"People view Facebook more negatively since the Cambridge Analytica data breach, but that doesn't mean the scandal deterred people from using the platform.People Still Use Facebook, Despite Negative OpinionThe Cambridge Analytica scandal didn't permanently affect people's use of Facebook.Although people still view Facebook negatively, just 37% use Facebook less often than they did before the data breach.\"While they may say they have concerns, I don't think it's been enough for many of them to use Facebook less,\" said Chad Richards, vice president of social media services at Firebelly Marketing, a social media marketing agency. \"That 'Quit Facebook' movement lost steam.\"People are still upset with Facebook but not enough to leave it.Some businesses, too, still value Facebook and use it as often as before the breach.\"We continue to use Facebook as frequently as we did before,\" said Katharine Pebworth, a digital marketer at Alexander Advertising. \"We haven't seen a huge difference in our engagement rates and continue to incorporate Facebook into all our digital marketing campaigns and strategies.\"Cambridge Analytica Deterred More Millennials Than Older GenerationsOlder generations were less likely to decrease their Facebook use as a result of the Cambridge Analytica scandal.Forty-one percent (41%) of millennials use Facebook less because of the data breach, compared to 37% of Generation Xers and 24% of baby boomers.Older generations depend more on Facebook than younger generations, who use a variety of platforms.\"When [millennials] leave Facebook, they don't fully lose the information and sense of belonging that they have on social media,\" said Josh Krakauer, founder and CEO of Sculpt, a social media marketing agency. \"It doesn't feel like a lifeline was totally cut off for some of them, where it might for an older user.\"The Manifest's 2019 Consumer Social Media Survey included 521 people in the U.S. who use social media at least once per week.Read the full report here: https://themanifest.com/social-media/how-people-view-facebook-after-cambridge-analytica-data-breachFor questions about the survey, a comment on the findings, or an introduction to the industry experts included in the report, contact Kristen Herhold at 211719@email4pr.com.About The Manifest The Manifest is a business news and how-to website that compiles and analyzes practical business wisdom for innovators, entrepreneurs, and small and mid-market businesses. Use The Manifest as an approachable tour guide through every stage of the buyer journey. With three main offerings \u2013 data-driven benchmarks, step-by-step guides, and agency shortlists \u2013 The Manifest strives to make your business goals a reality.ContactKristen Herhold\n211719@email4pr.com\n(202) 840-6690View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nearly-half-of-social-media-users-view-facebook-negatively-after-cambridge-analytica-but-many-still-use-the-platform-new-survey-finds-300819164.htmlSOURCE The ManifestCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Nearly Half of Social Media Users View Facebook Negatively After Cambridge Analytica but Many Still Use the Platform, New Survey Finds"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/social-media-companies-stepping-up-measures-to-address-users-privacy-concerns-2019-03-26-8183300": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 8:30 a.m. ET", "article": "PALM BEACH, Florida, March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Almost every day a report surfaces that customer data was either hacked by a third party or parties unknown, or used by the social media platform itself in ways that users feel compromised. A recent article on CNBC's website addressed consumers growing concerns over the privacy of their data. Its headline was an eye opener: \"Four in 10 people have deleted a social media account in the past year due to privacy worries, study says.\" The article continued: \"There is a serious lack of trust in social media such as Facebook and Twitter and consumers expect brands that advertise on such platforms to urgently find solutions, according to research published by public relations consultancy Edelman. Edelman surveyed 9,000 people in Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, the United Arab Emirates, U.K. and U.S. for the study that was published as part of the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity in France. Privacy concerns are contributing to people's distrust of social platforms, said the study by public relations consultancy Edelman, with 70 percent of respondents expecting businesses and advertisers to put pressure on social media sites.\" Active tech and social media companies in the markets this week include: Findit, Inc.  FDIT, -0.24% Facebook, Inc. FB, +0.84% Twitter, Inc. TWTR, +1.44% Snap Inc. SNAP, +0.37% Microsoft Corporation MSFT, +0.21%\n\n\"We learned that there is a serious lack of confidence in social media in all regions of the world. This is a cry from the heart; people are scared. They are outraged about the violation of their privacy, and uncertain about the truth because of the plague of fake news,\" said the consultancy's president and CEO Richard Edelman in a statement emailed to CNBC. \"Forty percent of those surveyed had deleted at least one social media account in the past year because of privacy concerns and 62 percent wanted more regulation of such platforms.\"Findit, Inc. (otcpk:FDIT) BREAKING NEWS: Findit, owns and operates the website Findit.com, an open source social networking platform technology site which enables users to easily transmit the same posting to social media outlet/applications at the same time, giving members a broader reach, reducing time and making the content easily searchable, today announced it will be launching its revised App in April, that will allow members to create status updates and share them to their other social accounts.Findit's website provides every member and visitor the option to increase their online presence with each and every status update done in Findit by sharing them with your friends on Facebook (FB), your followers on Twitter (TWTR) and more through Findit Right Now, the status update feature in Findit. Members on Findit, as well as visitors, can easily increase their reach by simply sharing their status updates to Facebook, Twitter, Google My Business (GOOG), LinkedIn (MSFT), and other social networking sites. By utilizing the share features offered from each post in Findit, it empowers all members of Findit to gain a wider reach resulting in additional visibility and more exposure from every piece of content they post in Findit. The revised App will allow posts to be shared to Facebook and Twitter either when it launches or soon after. Other social sites will be added on an ongoing basis that allow Findit to post to them from the App and the website.Anyone visiting Findit, even non-members, can see and share status updates to their own social networking accounts. Posts can be done through the Findit website or on your mobile devices with the Findit App.The current App is being updated and looks to be live in April of 2019. You can download the current App here and when the revised version is available, members are highly encouraged to update to the latest version of the App at that time. Read this and more news for FDIT at: https://www.financialnewsmedia.com/news-fdit/   Other recent developments in the social media industry include:Twitter, Inc. TWTR, +1.44%  - The Drone Racing League (DRL), the world's only professional drone racing circuit, recently announced a new streaming partnership with Twitter and broadcast agreement with NBC and NBC Sports (NBCSN) to air the 2019 DRL Allianz World Championship Season. Premiering on Sunday, August 11, 2019 at 2pm ET on NBC and Twitter, DRL will extend its global reach on premier sports networks and increase access to fans of the world's fast-growing sport. Twitter's Market Cap as of 3-25-2019 is $24.876B.Facebook, Inc.  FB, +0.84% recently Global communications company Viasat Inc., (VSAT) and Facebook Inc. (FB) announced a collaboration to accelerate the deployment of affordable, high-speed, high-quality internet to communities that lack reliable internet or have no connectivity at all. Viasat and Facebook are working together to make the internet accessible to more people in rural areas around the world. The collaboration will help accelerate the deployment of Viasat's market-leading satellite-enabled Community Wi-Fi hotspot service, which is an innovative, proven approach to bringing high-speed, affordable Wi-Fi directly to consumer's devices, where internet service was previously unavailable or ineffective. Facebook's Market Cap as of 3-25-2019 is $467.926B.Microsoft Corporation MSFT, +0.21% recently Microsoft Corp. and Facebook Inc. announced the formation of the Co-Packaged Optics (CPO) Collaboration. The goal of CPO is the adoption of common design elements that will provide guidance for suppliers in the design and manufacturing of co-packaged optics. CPO's intention over time is to enable an open and diverse ecosystem.The collaboration intends to provide open specifications for design elements, including the electrical signaling interface, optical standard, optical module management interface and reliability requirements. When complete, the open specifications will enable the industry to develop a set of solutions involving switch and ASIC manufacturers, optics suppliers, CMs and others that will create the final package which can then be attached to the switch PCB. The collaboration has targeted the 51T switch generation as the tipping point for industry adoption of co-packaged optics. Microsoft's Market Cap as of 3-25-2019 is $898.109B.Snap Inc. SNAP, +0.37% closed down slightly on Monday at $10.72 trading over 12.3 Million shares by the market close. SNAP recently announced the appointment of Lara Sweet, Snap's current Chief Accounting Officer, as interim Chief Financial Officer and principal financial officer. Ms. Sweet's appointment follows the previously announced departure of Chief Financial Officer Tim Stone, which was planned for February 5, 2019. Ms. Sweet will report to CEO Evan Spiegel. Snap's Market Cap as of 3-25-2019 is $14.145B.DISCLAIMER: FN Media Group LLC (FNM), which owns and operates FinancialNewsMedia.com and MarketNewsUpdates.com, is a third party publisher and news dissemination service provider, which disseminates electronic information through multiple online media channels. FNM is NOT affiliated in any manner with any company mentioned herein. FNM and its affiliated companies are a news dissemination solutions provider and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. FNM's market updates, news alerts and corporate profiles are NOT a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. The material in this release is intended to be strictly informational and is NEVER to be construed or interpreted as research material. All readers are strongly urged to perform research and due diligence on their own and consult a licensed financial professional before considering any level of investing in stocks. All material included herein is republished content and details which were previously disseminated by the companies mentioned in this release. FNM is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers. Investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment when investing in stocks. For current services performed FNM has been compensated twenty six hundred dollars for news coverage of the current press releases issued by Findit, Inc. by the company. FNM HOLDS NO SHARES OF ANY COMPANY NAMED IN THIS RELEASE.\n\nThis release contains \"forward-looking statements\" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. \"Forward-looking statements\" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as \"may\", \"future\", \"plan\" or \"planned\", \"will\" or \"should\", \"expected,\" \"anticipates\", \"draft\", \"eventually\" or \"projected\". You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and FNM undertakes no obligation to update such statements.\n\nContact Information:\nMedia Contact email: editor@financialnewsmedia.com\n+1(561)325-8757 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/social-media-companies-stepping-up-measures-to-address-users-privacy-concerns-300818272.htmlSOURCE FinancialNewsMedia.comCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Social Media Companies Stepping up Measures to Address Users Privacy Concerns"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-announces-proposed-senior-notes-offering-2019-03-25-5184036": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 5:00 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 25, Mar 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- NEW YORK, March 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nasdaq, Inc. (the \"Company\") NDAQ today announced that it plans to offer, subject to market and other conditions, Euro-denominated senior notes (the \"Offering\"). The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the Offering to refinance indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes.J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Merrill Lynch International, Mizuho International plc and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) will act as joint book-running managers for the Offering. HSBC Bank plc, ICBC Standard Bank Plc, Nordea Bank Abp, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and Wells Fargo Securities International Limited are acting as co-managers for the Offering.The Offering will be made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement, previously filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the \"SEC\"). Before investing, you should read the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus, as well as other documents the Company has filed with the SEC, for a more complete understanding of the Company and the Offering. These documents are available for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.Alternatively, copies may be obtained by contacting J.P. Morgan Securities plc at 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP, United Kingdom, Facsimile: +44 20 3493 0682, Attention: Head of Debt Syndicate and Head of EMEA Debt Capital Markets Group; Merrill Lynch International, 2 King Edward Street, London EC1A 1HQ, United Kingdom, Telephone: 1-800-294-1322, Facsimile: +44 (0)20 7995 0048, Attention: Syndicate Desk; Mizuho International plc, 30 Old Bailey, London EC4M 7AU, United Kingdom, Attention: Legal Department; Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Kungstradgardsgatan 8, 106 40, Stockholm, Sweden.This press release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offering, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSInformation set forth in this communication contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. The Company cautions readers that any forward-looking information is not a guarantee of future performance and that actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking information. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the Offering, the Company's plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties or other factors beyond the Company's control. These factors include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to implement its strategic initiatives, economic, political and market conditions and fluctuations, government and industry regulation, interest rate risk, U.S. and global competition, and other factors detailed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q which are available on the Company's investor relations website at http://ir.nasdaq.com and the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.About Nasdaq:Nasdaq NDAQ is a leading global provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, listing, information and public company services. Through its diverse portfolio of solutions, Nasdaq enables customers to plan, optimize and execute their business vision with confidence, using proven technologies that provide transparency and insight for navigating today's global capital markets. As the creator of the world's first electronic stock market, its technology powers more than 100 marketplaces in 50 countries. Nasdaq is home to approximately 4,000 total listings with a market value of approximately $12 trillion. To learn more, visit: http://business.nasdaq.com.Nasdaq Media Contact:Allan Schoenberg\n(212) 231-5534\nallan.schoenberg@nasdaq.comRyan Wells\nryan.wells@nasdaq.com\nDirect: +44 (0) 20 3753 2231\nMobile: +44 (0) 7809 596 390Nasdaq Investor Relations Contact:Ed Ditmire, CFA\n(212) 401-8737\ned.ditmire@nasdaq.com-NDAQF-(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Nasdaq, Inc. Announces Proposed Senior Notes Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/rhino-resource-partners-lp-announces-filing-of-2018-annual-report-on-form-10-k-2019-03-25-16184036": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 4:00 p.m. ET", "article": "LEXINGTON, KY, Mar 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- LEXINGTON, KY, March 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Rhino Resource Partners LP (\"Rhino\") (otcqb:RHNO) today filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (\"SEC\"). Rhino's Annual Report on Form 10-K is available through Rhino's website at http://ir.rhinoresources.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=198170&p=irol-IRHome as well as on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Rhino's security holders are entitled to receive, free of charge, copies of Rhino's complete audited financial statements by writing to:Rhino Resource Partners LP\nAttention: Investor Relations\n424 Lewis Hargett Circle, Suite 250\nLexington, KY 40503Rhino's security holders may also receive free copies of Rhino's audited financial statements by calling Investor Relations at 859-519-3622, or by sending an email request to smorris@rhinolp.com.About Rhino Resource Partners LPRhino Resource Partners LP is a diversified energy limited partnership that is focused on coal and energy related assets and activities, including energy infrastructure investments. Rhino produces metallurgical and steam coal in a variety of basins throughout the United States.News Release\nInvestor Contact:\nScott Morris\n+1 859.519.3622smorris@rhinolp.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Rhino Resource Partners LP Announces Filing of 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/gds-announces-full-exercise-of-underwriters-option-to-purchase-additional-adss-2019-03-18-61843010": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 6:30 a.m. ET", "article": "SHANGHAI, China, Mar 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SHANGHAI, China, March 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- GDS Holdings Limited (\"GDS\" or the \"Company\") GDS, +1.38% today announced that the underwriters of its previously announced public offering have exercised in full their option to purchase an additional 1,791,044 ADSs from GDS at the public offering price of US$33.50 per ADS. Each ADS represents eight Class A ordinary shares.GDS raised a total of approximately US$445.0 million in proceeds from the public offering after the underwriters' exercise in full of their option to purchase additional ADSs, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions (but before expenses). GDS expects to use approximately US$404 million of the net proceeds from the offering in connection with the development and acquisition of new data centers, with the remaining amounts to be used for general corporate purposes.J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the proposed offering, and Cowen, Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Haitong International, Raymond James and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. are acting as co-managers.The securities described above are being offered by GDS pursuant to a shelf registration statement filed by GDS with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the \"SEC\") that automatically became effective as of January 23, 2018. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any offer or sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.The offering is being made only by means of an effective shelf registration statement, including a preliminary prospectus supplement and final prospectus, which was filed with the SEC and is available on the SEC's website located at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the final prospectus relating to this offering may be obtained from: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at 866-803-9204 or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Prospectus Department, Cynthia Simmons, 2nd Floor, 180 Varick Street, New York, NY, 10014, United States of America, or by calling 1-917-606-8487, or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; or RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10281-8098, or by telephone at (877) 822-4089 or by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com.About GDSGDS Holdings Limited GDS, +1.38% is a leading developer and operator of high-performance data centers in China. The Company's facilities are strategically located in China's primary economic hubs where demand for high-performance data center services is concentrated. The Company's data centers have large net floor area, high power capacity, density and efficiency, and multiple redundancy across all critical systems. GDS is carrier and cloud neutral, which enables customers to connect directly to all major PRC telecommunications carriers and to the largest PRC and global cloud service providers hosted by GDS in many of its facilities. The Company has an 18-year track record of service delivery, successfully fulfilling the requirements of some of the largest and most demanding customers for outsourced data center services in China. The Company's base of customers consists predominantly of hyper-scale cloud service providers, large internet companies, financial institutions, telecommunications and IT service providers, and large domestic private sector and multinational corporations.Safe HarborThis news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as \"will,\" \"expects,\" \"anticipates,\" \"future,\" \"intends,\" \"plans,\" \"believes,\" \"estimates,\" \"target,\" \"going forward,\" \"outlook\" and similar statements. Such statements are based upon management's current expectations and current market and operating conditions, and relate to events that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company's control, which may cause the Company's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Further information regarding these and other risks, uncertainties or factors is included in the Company's filings with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under law.For investor and media inquiries, please contact:GDS Holdings Limited\nLaura Chen\nPhone: +86 (21) 2033-0295\nEmail: ir@gds-services.comThe Piacente Group, Inc.\nBrandi Piacente\nPhone: +1 (212) 481-2050\nEmail: GDS@tpg-ir.comRoss Warner\nPhone: +86 (10) 5730-6200\nEmail: GDS@tpg-ir.comGDS Holdings Limited(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "GDS Announces Full Exercise of Underwriters' Option to Purchase Additional ADSs"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/anheuser-busch-chasing-online-beer-sales-as-grocery-e-commerce-picks-up-steam-2019-03-11": {"date": "Mar 17, 2019 9:50 a.m. ET", "article": "As online grocery sales slowly creep higher, Anheuser-Busch InBev S.A. is wasting no time getting a foothold in the burgeoning e-commerce beer sector, which is only just starting to come to the attention of shoppers.Through AB InBev\u2019s BUD, +1.18%   global growth and innovation group, ZX Ventures, it is working across North America to \u201celevate the beer category online,\u201d which only made up less than 1% of the market in the U.S. in 2017.According to data provided by ZX Ventures, only 6% of the adult beer-purchasing population has bought beer online in the past. More than a quarter of U.S. consumers (28%) don\u2019t even know you can buy beer online.One hurdle is the limitations imposed by regulations in the beer and alcohol sector.Read: Kroger shares on track for worst day in a year after earnings call short\u201cBeer is a very traditional industry,\u201d said Carolyn Brown, head of North American e-commerce for Anheuser-Busch, who spoke with MarketWatch alongside her colleague, David Kestenbaum, ZX Ventures\u2019 global head of e-commerce strategy and capabilities, at the recent Shoptalk conference.\u201cA lot of alcohol laws are post-Prohibition and haven\u2019t been updated in a lot of ways,\u201d she said.Both executives call the move toward online beer sales \u201cconsumer-led,\u201d with online grocery, including delivery and click-and-collect, pushing growth forward. Officials are now stepping in to meet the growing demand.\u201cRegulators are coming forward to say this is something we need to address,\u201d said Kestenbaum.An October 2018 report from Moody\u2019s puts the online penetration for grocery at less than 2% of the U.S. food retail sales business, \u201cmaking it one of the least penetrated categories of the U.S. retail industry.\u201dHowever, the market is growing. CommonSense Robotics calls 2018 \u201ca momentous year for online grocery in the United States,\u201d with major grocers like Walmart Inc. WMT, -0.19% Kroger Co. KR, -0.53% and Target Corp. TGT, -0.05% all ramping up their curbside pickup capabilities.See: Marijuana stocks to watch: CannTrust makes its case as a major pots operatorWalmart said in its most recent earnings release that grocery pickup is available in more than 2,100 locations, and delivery is offered in nearly 800 locations. Walmart U.S.\u2019s e-commerce sales were up 40% in the fourth quarter.\u201cWe continue to make significant investments to build an omnichannel platform that will deliver customers anything, anytime, anywhere,\u201d said Kroger Chief Executive W. Rodney McMullen on the fourth-quarter earnings call, according to a FactSet transcript.\u201cBy the end of 2018, 91% of Kroger households have access to pickup or delivery. By the end of 2019, with full integration of Kroger Ship into our ecosystem, we will reach 100% of America.\u201dFor 2018, Kroger\u2019s digital sales run rate was about $5 billion.CommonSense Robotics says major retailers poured billions into online grocery in the face of Amazon.com Inc.\u2019s AMZN, -0.42% 2017 acquisition of Whole Foods Market Inc.Don\u2019t miss: Can grocers withstand Amazon\u2019s onslaught?\u201cAs [online] grocery shopping becomes more ubiquitous we expect online beer shopping to as well,\u201d said the ZX Ventures blog post.ZX Ventures contributed 10% to Anheuser-Busch\u2019s 2018 revenue growth, said Carlos Alves de Brito, the company\u2019s chief executive, on the February 28 earnings call.Another area of focus is the premium beer segment, which is driven by an autonomous business unit within Anheuser-Busch, High End Company, that is responsible for about 30% of the company\u2019s revenue growth.\u201cIn fact, premiumization represents our single biggest opportunity for growth,\u201d said Alves de Brito.Anheuser-Busch stock has rallied 22.7% for the year to date, though it has tumbled 30% over the past year. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.17% is up 11.6% for 2019 so far.", "title": "Anheuser-Busch chasing online beer sales as grocery e-commerce picks up steam"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/oblivious-stock-investors-arent-ready-for-whats-next-hedge-fund-manager-warns-2019-02-25": {"date": "Feb 25, 2019 12:09 p.m. ET", "article": "Investing in passive index funds has enjoyed a stellar run over the past 10 years, exposing the shortcomings of the pricier active approach in a market where everything is in full-on rally mode.In fact, during that time, only 24% of actively managed funds outperformed their passive counterparts through 2018, according to Morningstar.There\u2019s a sense out there, however, that, as markets get twisted up in economic and political turmoil, we might see an active renaissance.Jose Rasco, head of investment strategy at HSBC Americas, recently told Barron\u2019s that it\u2019s time for investors to embrace the active approach.\u201cThere are parts of your portfolio where quite clearly you don\u2019t need a lot of active management, and there are parts of the portfolio where you always need active management,\u201d Rasco said. \u201cBut as you get later in the business cycle, we feel you\u2019re more likely than not to need more active management.\u201dAs a reminder to the uninitiated, passive funds largely follow a market index, with no management team behind any decisions, unlike active. In any case, Crescat Capital hopes Rasco has it right.The hedge fund rode its Chinese equity and currency shorts to a sweet 2018 performance. According to its year-end letter to investors, Crescat\u2019s global macro hedge fund rallied 40.5% and its long-short hedge tacked on 32%.The fund has endured a rough start to the year \u2014 just like most investors betting against a rally \u2014 but CIO Kevin Smith is confident that the return of the bear market will mark a return to Crescat\u2019s outperforming ways.\u201cWe are heading into a bear market in 2019 that will coincide with the start of a global recession that will not be officially acknowledged until well after it began,\u201d he told investors. \u201cWe believe September 2018 marked the essential peak of the U.S. stock market for the current economic cycle.\u201dHere he is sounding the alarm last week on Twitter:Smith says the damage done to stocks at the end of the year has altered investor psychology and likely has triggered a cyclical shift out of stocks.\u201c2018\u2019s valuation records are astounding in that they show the S&P 500 to be more fundamentally overvalued than it was at the prior two historic stock market valuation peaks in 1929 and 2000, bona fide speculative manias,\u201d he warned. \u201cWe believe most investors remain oblivious to these valuation facts.\u201dThe Fed\u2019s raising rates and the macro downturn in China are the primary catalyst that will ultimately burst the \u201ceverything bubble,\u201d Smith says.\u201cGlobal equities have rallied year to date on hopes that a U.S./China trade deal and a pause in Fed tightening can extend the business cycle,\u201d he wrote. \u201cNever mind that historical busts from speculative valuations late in an economic cycle have led to significant bear markets. The last four of note in the U.S. have ranged from 46% to 86%. Can we get by this time with a less than 20% one and no recession at all? We strongly doubt it.\u201dHis conclusion: This is a great climate for selling stocks.Not much selling so far this morning, however, with the stock market aiming to make it 10 in a row (see \u201cThe stat\u201d below)The Dow DJIA, +0.19%   , S&P SPX, +0.08%   and Nasdaq COMP, -0.01%   are off to a pretty upbeat start.Check out Market Snapshot for more coverageThat\u2019s as oil is tanking US:CLJ9  after POTUS tells OPEC to \u201crelax,\u201d says prices getting too high.The dollar DXY, +0.09% is down, with gold GCJ9, -0.23%  also a bit softer.The Shanghai Composite SHCOMP, +0.85% went cruising into a bull market, with a nearly 6% gain after President Trump said he\u2019d postpone a March 1 deadline for a U.S. tariff hike on Chinese imports.Europe SXXP, +0.25%  is mostly in the green.9 weeks \u2014 That\u2019s the winning streak the blue chips are enjoying right now, as part of the best start to the year since 1987. Over the first 36 trading sessions of 2019, the Dow has rallied 11.6%, and the S&P 500 has risen 11.4%.There\u2019s plenty to unpack in Warren Buffett\u2019s annual letter to shareholders over the weekend, but the headline numbers show that Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.02%  had one of its worst year ever with a loss of $25.4 billion due to an unexpected write-down at Kraft Heinz KHC, -0.40%  . Should traders by questioning the Oracle of Omaha\u2019s touch lately? (See the chart below for more). He told CNBC this morning that he overpaid for Kraft, among other sins.Speaking of Kraft Heinz, the company is reportedly looking into selling its Maxwell House coffee business, and has hired investment bank Credit Suisse to explore its options.An M&A Monday is under way. Spark Therapeutics ONCE, -0.18%  is soaring on news of an offer by Swiss pharma giant Roche ROG, -0.16%  \u2014 a 122% premium for Spark from Friday\u2019s price. A $1.31 billion offer for Clementia Pharma CMTA, -0.12% from France\u2019s Ipsen IPN, -0.71%  has sent those shares flying. And Barrick Gold ABX, -1.13% GOLD, -1.38%  has made a hostile bid for Newmont Mining NEM, +0.37%  .Michael Cohen, Donald Trump\u2019s former lawyer, is scheduled to testify before lawmakers next week, and he\u2019s expected to get grilled about his role as the president\u2019s longtime fixer. Former White House staffer Omarosa says what Cohen might reveal about the Trump children is a \u201cbig, red line.\u201dAt the annual Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Sony 6758, -0.08% SNE, +0.33%  has launched smartphones with movie-theatre quality screens, and Huawei has a new foldable phone that will cost a whopping $2,600.Heard of Peloton Interactive? The home exercise startup has reportedly got big banks on board for its IPO \u2014 Goldman, J.P. Morgan. Though plans haven\u2019t been finalized, the potential valuation is hovering around $8 billion.We watched the Oscars so you didn\u2019t have to. Here are all the winners, including a mild surprise taking the top honor. And don\u2019t forget the $100,000 gift bags.According to Bespoke Investment Group, less than 35 stocks in the S&P 500 are actually in the red since the beginning of the year. One of those stocks: Warren Buffett\u2019s Berkshire Hathaway, as you can see by this chart:Most of the blame lies with Kraft Heinz, of course, but it wasn\u2019t very long ago that Coke KO, -0.10%  , which also makes up a big chunk of the portfolio, was hit with an 8% drop. To be fair, if you take out Coke and Kraft from the mix, the top holdings in the fund are doing just fine:\u201cIt\u2019s hardly a disaster and actually quite impressive when you take into account the big declines in KHC and KO,\u201d Bespoke wrote.Read: Here\u2019s why Berkshire can withstand a mega-catastrophe\u201cThat\u2019s why red state voters are so pissed off. They don\u2019t hate us, they want to be us. They want to go the party. It\u2019s like we\u2019re the British royal family and they\u2019re Meghan Markle\u2019s dad\u201d \u2014 Real Time host Bill Maher host. Watch the clip:The endgame of Craigslist founder\u2019s $85 million in journalism donations.A Kalashnikov drone... what could possibly go wrong?California man imprisoned for 39 years gets $21 million for wrongful conviction.Anti-vaxx content just got demonetized on YouTube. Finally.Speaking of measles, an unvaccinated French boy is getting the blame for bringing them back to Costa Rica.Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "\u2018Oblivious\u2019 investors aren\u2019t ready for the bursting of the \u2018everything bubble,\u2019 hedge-fund manager warns"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/brother-of-jeff-bezos-lover-sold-racy-private-racy-texts-to-national-enquirer-for-200000-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 9:20 p.m. ET", "article": "Amazon.com Inc. founder Jeff Bezos and his allies have publicly speculated about how the National Enquirer acquired racy texts he sent his girlfriend, including at one point hinting Saudi Arabia or the White House may have been involved.The reality is simpler: Michael Sanchez, the brother of Bezos\u2019 lover, sold the billionaire\u2019s secrets for $200,000 to the Enquirer\u2019s publisher, said people familiar with the matter.The inside story of the deal between American Media LLC and Sanchez, brother of Lauren Sanchez, answers many of the central questions in a high-profile fight between the nation\u2019s best-known tabloid and the world\u2019s richest man, including how the Enquirer obtained the Bezos texts, for how much and why the spat became so bitter and public.Sanchez said he didn\u2019t want to \u201cdignify\u201d the Journal\u2019s reporting on the contract he struck. He described the reporting on the contract as \u201cold rumors\u201d from anonymous sources. A spokesman for Jeff Bezos declined to comment. Lauren Sanchez didn\u2019t respond to requests for comment sent through an employee at her company and an Amazon AMZN, -0.45%   spokesman.An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.Also popular on WSJ.com:Prosecutors, Transportation Department scrutinize development of Boeing 737 Max.Aluminum makers ditch can business.", "title": "Brother of Jeff Bezos\u2019 lover sold racy, private racy texts to National Enquirer for $200,000"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/investors-should-no-longer-bet-on-warren-buffett-2019-03-01": {"date": "Mar 3, 2019 12:16 p.m. ET", "article": "When Warren Buffett\u2019s annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway shareholders was published last weekend, media coverage focused on the chairman and CEO\u2019s mea culpaabout Berkshire\u2019s investment in Kraft Heinz KHC, -0.55% his lament that he couldn\u2019t find the next big investment to buy, the accounting change that caused Berkshire to take a $20 billion write-down, and, once again, his failure to announce any formal succession plans even though Buffett is 88 years old and Vice Chairman Charlie Munger is 95.But one thing jumped out at me in his annual letter and a subsequent extended interview with Becky Quick of CNBC: his acknowledgment that his best stock pickers hadn\u2019t beaten the market and his tacit admission that investors couldn\u2019t expect Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.06%  to do so in the future, either.Todd Combs and Ted Wechsler joined Berkshire as investment managers within a year of each other in 2011-2012. \u201cOverall, they are a tiny bit behind the S&P SPX, +0.08%   each by just almost the same margin over the same time,\u201d Buffett told Quick. \u201cThey\u2019ve done better than I have.\u201dHumility aside, that\u2019s quite an admission: Warren Buffett, the greatest investor in history, is saying that neither he nor his best handpicked stock-picking talent has achieved the essential goal of active money management \u2014 beating a boring old index fund any schlemiel can buy in his or her 401(k).And the numbers show he\u2019s right. Since the bear market low of March 9, 2009. Berkshire Hathaway Class B stock advanced by 338% through Wednesday\u2019s market close.But remember: Buffett loves to collect dividends from the stocks he owns \u2014 Berkshire earned $3.8 billion in dividends in 2018 \u2014 but he hates paying them out to his shareholders. Why? Because he\u2019d rather invest the cash internally or deploy it in future investments (the kind he says he can\u2019t find these days).Read: Warren Buffett reminisces about buying first stock at 11 \u2014 \u2018I had become a capitalist, and it felt good\u2019So while Berkshire shareholders don\u2019t earn dividends, unsophisticated investors in the plain-vanilla S&P 500 index fund or ETF do \u2014 about 1.8%-2% a year since 2009. If they reinvested those dividends, as good long-term investors should, anyone who owned the SDPR S&P 500 ETF SPY, +0.04% since the bull market began would have racked up a 403% gain through Wednesday\u2019s close, absolutely smoking Berkshire\u2019s performance. (It should be noted, however, that Berkshire, whose portfolio is chock-full of big, cash-rich companies, gained 28.4% from the March 2000 bull market top through the March 2009 market low, while SPY lost nearly half its value over the same period, even while reinvesting dividends.)It gets worse. Many people, myself included, think an S&P 500 index fund is inadequate to capture the market\u2019s full potential return, because it doesn\u2019t include small- or midcap stocks, which historically outperform the large-cap names in the S&P. A representative ETF that covers the whole U.S. stock market, Vanguard Total Market Index VTI, +0.06% has put both Berkshire and the S&P to shame: Since March 2009, it has risen by about 420%, including dividends. Game, set, and match.That\u2019s why we shouldn\u2019t be surprised by Buffett\u2019s own favorable comments about index funds. \u201cIf my [initial] $114.75 had been invested in a no-fee S&P 500 index fund [in 1942], and all dividends had been reinvested, my stake would have grown to be worth (pre-taxes) $606,811 on January 31, 2019,\u201d he wrote in the annual letter. \u201cThat is a gain of 5,288 for 1.\u201d He said on CNBC that $10,000 invested in an index fund in 1942 (34 years before the first one opened, but never mind) would be worth $51 million today.\u201cConsistently buy an S&P 500 low-cost index fund,\u201d he said last year. \u201cI think it\u2019s the thing that makes the most sense practically all of the time.\u201d Securities laws would probably prevent him from touting Berkshire Hathaway stock, but Buffett is intellectually honest, and I don\u2019t think he\u2019d recommend shares in his own company over an index fund even if he could.So, does Berkshire\u2019s inability to beat the market over the last 10 years mean Buffett\u2019s \u201closing it\u201d? From the annual letter and his extended appearance on CNBC, at 88 he seems as sharp as ever. But maybe a decade-long bull market, the evolution of algorithms and artificial intelligence, and the overpowering logic of indexing have simply taken away the edge this magnificent investing brain maintained for six decades.When Vanguard founder John Bogle died in January, I said he was the most influential investor of the 20th century, surpassing even Buffett. I suspect many people thought I was way off base.But now even Buffett seems to be tacitly acknowledging that the long arc of investing history has finally caught up with him and Munger. Bogle\u2019s unwavering advocacy of passive investing has given him a posthumous triumph over the man many people regard as the greatest investing genius the world has ever seen.Howard R. Gold, a MarketWatch columnist, doesn\u2019t own any shares in Berkshire Hathaway. Follow him on Twitter @howardrgold.Now read: Buffett criticizes others for using non-standard accounting \u2014 but he does too", "title": "Opinion: Investors should no longer bet on Warren Buffett"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-stock-price-target-raised-to-230-from-185-at-canaccord-genuity-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 10:26 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/consumers-demand-innovative-over-the-top-solutions-for-media-sharing-2019-03-26-918300": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Comparing the media industry to that of decades ago is almost infeasible, as the proliferation and advancement of technology have reshaped the industry. Previously, movie-goers would attend a theater to watch a film, but nowadays, people can simply watch their favorite video or movie from their computers or mobile devices. Streaming service providers allow users to directly transmit media anywhere at any time. The development of technologies such as artificial intelligence, 5G technology, and cloud all allow streamers to provide users with optimal streaming services. For instance, AI is allowing content producers to make quality content like never before. Moreover, cloud-based video streaming solutions are increasing the reach of video content, which is influencing the market growth. Regions in which digital technology is profoundly adopted are expected to witness the largest growth within the streaming service industry. Furthermore, the rising adoption of smartphones and the growing use of social media is also accelerating the growth of the industry. Overall, according to data compiled by Grand View Research, the global video streaming market is expected to reach USD 124.57 Billion by 2025. Additionally, the market is projected to register a CAGR of 19.6% during the forecast period from 2019 to 2025. Based on solutions, the video streaming market is segmented into Internet Protocol Television (IPTV), pay-TV, and Over-The-Top (OTT). In 2018, the pay-TV segment accounted for the second largest market share, however, the segment is facing a decline in the U.S. as consumers shift their preferences to OTT services. PeerLogix, Inc. LOGX, +1.93% Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN, -0.22% Netflix, Inc. NFLX, -0.30% The Walt Disney Company DIS, +0.33% Roku Inc. ROKU, -1.14%OTT platforms deliver films and TV content through the internet without the need for users to subscribe to a traditional cable or pay-TV service. The OTT segment is expected to witness significant growth, primarily due to the increasing demand for the improved automation of business processes and the wide availability of broadband infrastructure. According to data by PricewaterhouseCoopers, the OTT sector delivered revenues of USD 20.1 Billion in 2017, growing by 15.2% year-over-year. Furthermore, the OTT market is expected to rise at an annual rate of 8.8% from 2018 to 2022. Management consulting firm, A.T. Kearny, said at the end of 2017 that there were 120 million OTT subscriptions in the United States. The rising rate in subscriptions is partly attributable to the increasing number of partnerships and acquisitions, which are reshaping the industry. \"There are currently five main types of devices for streaming over-the-top to a TV screen: streaming boxes/sticks, smart TVs, game consoles, internet-enabled DVR / set-top boxes and internet-enabled Blu-ray players,\" said Adam Lella, Senior Marketing Insights Analyst at Comscore. \"Most people buy a TV primarily to watch TV, or a game console primarily to play games, or a Blu-ray player primarily to watch Blu-rays. But as more of these devices were sold with built-in internet-streaming, more consumers had the ability to stream OTT content if they wanted to. It is worth considering to what extent the OTT market might eventually resemble the smartphone market and how user experience factors into the equation.\"PeerLogix, Inc.  LOGX, +1.93% earlier today announced breaking news that a, \"partnership with a major digital media supply-side platform that will allow the SSP to significantly expand its competitiveness in the marketplace and the value it offers to publishers. The new OTT data offering will be powered by PeerLogix but will be offered by the SSP as a white labeled solution.PeerLogix's patented technology platform sits directly in the video content stream and compiles non-amplified, deterministic, real-time OTT/streaming viewership data from an audience of over 170 million homes and across more than 50,000 pieces of premium content. The company has been engaged in active data collection for more than 4 years, creating an unparalleled library of historical and real-time data, sortable by title, genre, studio/network and actor/actress tags. This data is then matched to household IP addresses, making it possible to target viewers by their viewing behaviors and preferences across the programmatic landscape.Supply-side platforms traditionally leverage unique ad creative opportunities, relationships with buy-side resources, custom programmatic infrastructures and other proprietary technology innovations to maximize yield and revenue for their publisher partners. They have also historically developed relationships with external data management platforms (DMPs) to provide publisher's the ability to offer their audiences in unique ways to advertisers. This newly announced partnership, however, will allow the forward-leaning SSP to integrate PeerLogix's cutting edge OTT data directly into its platform, improving its offering and moving it up in the data centric food chain.\"This large-scale integration with a prominent SSP represents a major step in our roadmap for mainstreaming the use of our OTT data and driving new revenue,\" explains PeerLogix Founder, William Gorfein. \"While we have done significant integrations with data management platforms (DMPs) that ultimately benefit the SSPs that leverage them, this direct partnership with an SSP is a true sign of the industry's understanding and acceptance of the value of our data to advertisers.\"PeerLogix CEO, Ray Colwell adds, \"While the 'white label' aspect of this partnership makes it difficult to share the specific details of the integration, we understand the value to our SSP partner in being able to seamlessly integrate our OTT data to increase their sales pipeline. Ultimately, we see this kind of white label offering as the future of our accelerated go-to-market plan and the key to unlocking a new revenue stream.\"About PeerLogix: PEERLOGIX is the go-to audience discovery platform for those advertisers hoping to make sense of the evolving OTT/streaming TV ecosystem. With a library of over 4 years of streaming video data and powered by a patent pending technology platform that collects and catalogs real-time OTT data \u2013 leveraging both licensed and publicly available databases to provide insights into consumer preferences, PEERLOGIX is able to deliver the entire spectrum of 'cord cutters' as targeted advertising audiences. www.peerlogix.com\"Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN, -0.22% is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Comcast Corporation CMCSA, +0.73% and Amazon recently announced that the Prime Video service had launched on Comcast's Xfinity X1, giving millions of people access to a one-of-a-kind entertainment experience that now features seamless access to award-winning Prime Video originals, thousands of premium shows, movies, and live events right alongside all of the live, on demand and web programming included with an Xfinity TV subscription. X1 customers can now easily search Prime Video programming and enjoy exclusive Prime Originals including Homecoming with Julia Roberts, Tom Clancy'sJack Ryan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, The Romanoffs, Goliath, Bosch, The Man in the High Castle, The Grand Tour and a growing library of Prime Video programming in 4K Ultra HD and HDR. Whether catching up on currently airing series, diving into a Prime Original, or searching an entire genre of programming, customers can just say, \"Watch The Americans,\" \"Show me Sneaky Pete,\" or \"Find comedies\" into the voice remote. Customers can also simply launch the Prime Video app by saying \"Amazon Prime Video\" into the voice remote, or by navigating to the X1 apps menu. \"Streaming Prime Originals is now easier than ever for our Prime members with X1,\" said Greg Hart, Vice President of Amazon Prime Video. \"The launch arrives just in time for Season 2 of Emmy-winning The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, Season 3 of The Grand Tour and holiday classics like It's A Wonderful Life, which is now available exclusively on Prime Video.\"Netflix, Inc. NFLX, -0.30% is the world's leading internet entertainment service with 139 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, documentaries and feature films across a wide variety of genres and languages. Recently, Netflix and Hilton HLT, -0.37% teamed up to create a more personalized travel experience by allowing guests to stream their favorite Netflix series, movies and more on in-room televisions in Hilton's high-tech Connected Rooms. The collaboration enables guests staying in Connected Rooms to seamlessly access their Netflix account by logging in by entering their credentials either with the remote control or the keyboard on the Hilton Honors app. The process is simple: Guests who prefer to use the Hilton Honors app can download it onto their mobile device if they haven't already, then add Netflix and other streaming media providers and TV channels to their list of \"favorites\" for easy access. Guests who prefer the TV remote can press the remote's \"Netflix\" button, which powers on the TV and goes directly to the Netflix login screen. Bill Holmes, Head of Business Development for Netflix, said, \"This partnership extends our commitment to enabling our members to watch their favorite Netflix series, movies and specials wherever and whenever they want, and we're thrilled to be bringing our service to Hilton guests all over the world.\"The Walt Disney Company DIS, +0.33% together with its subsidiaries, is a diversified worldwide entertainment company with operations in four business segments: Media Networks; Parks, Experiences and Products; Studio Entertainment; and Direct-to-Consumer and International. Recently, The Walt Disney Company's acquisition of 21st Century Fox became effective. With 21st Century Fox's iconic collection of businesses and franchises, Disney will be able to provide more appealing high-quality content and entertainment options to meet growing consumer demand; increase its international footprint; and expand its direct-to-consumer offerings, which include ESPN+ for sports fans, the highly-anticipated Disney+ streaming video-on-demand service launching in late 2019; and Disney and 21st Century Fox's combined ownership stake in Hulu. The acquisition includes 21st Century Fox's renowned film production businesses, including Twentieth Century Fox, Fox Searchlight Pictures, Fox 2000 Pictures, Fox Family and Fox Animation; Fox's television creative units, Twentieth Century Fox Television, FX Productions and Fox21; FX Networks; National Geographic Partners; Fox Networks Group International; Star India; and Fox's interests in Hulu, Tata Sky and Endemol Shine Group. Disney and 21st Century Fox entered into a consent decree with the U.S. Department of Justice last year under which Disney will divest 21st Century Fox's Regional Sports Networks. \"This is an extraordinary and historic moment for us\u2014one that will create significant long-term value for our company and our shareholders,\" said Robert A. Iger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, The Walt Disney Company. \"Combining Disney's and 21st Century Fox's wealth of creative content and proven talent creates the preeminent global entertainment company, well positioned to lead in an incredibly dynamic and transformative era.\"Roku Inc. ROKU, -1.14% pioneered streaming to the TV. Roku connects users to the streaming content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers with unique capabilities to engage consumers. Roku, Inc. recently announced that it will roll out Premium Subscriptions on The Roku Channel. All supported devices are expected to receive the update in the coming weeks, beginning with Roku\u00ae players and concluding with Roku TV\u2122 models. Premium Subscriptions enables users to browse, trial and subscribe to popular premium entertainment services within The Roku Channel. Users who sign-up for EPIX, SHOWTIME\u00ae and STARZ before March 31st, 2019, can enjoy a 30-day free trial of those services on The Roku Channel. The update for Android devices is expected to begin to roll out in mid-February. Users can access 25+ premium partners including: STARZ, SHOWTIME and EPIX, as well as Baeble Music; CollegeHumor's DROPOUT; CuriosityStream; Fandor Spotlight; FitFusion; The Great Courses Signature Collection; Grokker; Hi-YAH!; Hopster; Lifetime Movie Club; DOX, LOLFlicks, Monsters and Nightmares, Magnolia Selects, and Warriors & Gangsters presented by Magnolia Pictures; MHz Choice; NOGGIN; Shout! Factory TV, Smithsonian Channel Plus; Stingray Karaoke; Tastemade; Viewster Anime; and ZooMoo. More partners are expected to be added over time. \"We've made subscription streaming easy for our customers and are putting them in control. Now there is one place on the Roku platform where users can seamlessly access both free and premium entertainment, with one click sign-up, easy subscription management and a single monthly bill,\" said Rob Holmes, Roku Vice President, Programming and Engagement. \"The Roku Channel already delivers a great, free ad-supported experience for our users and a valuable distribution opportunity for our content partners. With the addition of Premium Subscriptions, The Roku Channel will be a better experience for our users and even more valuable for our partners.\"Subscribe Now! Watch us report LIVE https://www.youtube.com/FinancialBuzzMedia \nFollow us on Twitter for real time Financial News Updates: https://twitter.com/financialbuzz \nFollow and talk to us on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/financialbuzz \nFacebook Like Us to receive live feeds: https://www.facebook.com/Financialbuzz/About FinancialBuzz.com  FinancialBuzz.com, a leading financial news informational web portal designed to provide the latest trends in Market News, Investing News, Personal Finance, Politics, Entertainment, in-depth broadcasts on Stock News, Market Analysis and Company Interviews. A pioneer in the financially driven digital space, video production and integration of social media, FinancialBuzz.com creates 100% unique original content. FinancialBuzz.com also provides financial news PR dissemination, branding, marketing and advertising for third parties for corporate news and original content through our unique media platform that includes Newswire Delivery, Digital Advertising, Social Media Relations, Video Production, Broadcasting, and Financial Publications.Please Note: FinancialBuzz.com is not a financial advisory or advisor, investment advisor or broker-dealer and do not undertake any activities that would require such registration. The information provided on http://www.FinancialBuzz.com (the 'Site') is either original financial news or paid advertisements provided [exclusively] by our affiliates (sponsored content), FinancialBuzz.com, a financial news media and marketing firm enters into media buys or service agreements with the companies which are the subject to the articles posted on the Site or other editorials for advertising such companies. We are not an independent news media provider and therefore do not represent or warrant that the information posted on the Site is accurate, unbiased or complete. FinancialBuzz.com receives fees for producing and presenting high quality and sophisticated content on FinancialBuzz.com along with other financial news PR media services. FinancialBuzz.com does not offer any personal opinions, recommendations or bias commentary as we purely incorporate public market information along with financial and corporate news. FinancialBuzz.com only aggregates or regurgitates financial or corporate news through our unique financial newswire and media platform. For peerlogix, inc. financial and corporate news dissemination, FinancialBuzz.com has been compensated five thousand dollars by the company. Our fees may be either a flat cash sum or negotiated number of securities of the companies featured on this editorial or site, or a combination thereof. The securities are commonly paid in segments, of which a portion is received upon engagement and the balance is paid on or near the conclusion of the engagement. FinancialBuzz.com will always disclose any compensation in securities or cash payments for financial news PR advertising. FinancialBuzz.com does not undertake to update any of the information on the editorial or Site or continue to post information about any companies the information contained herein is not intended to be used as the basis for investment decisions and should not be considered as investment advice or a recommendation. The information contained herein is not an offer or solicitation to buy, hold or sell any security. FinancialBuzz.com, members and affiliates are not responsible for any gains or losses that result from the opinions expressed on this editorial or Site, company profiles, quotations or in other materials or presentations that it publishes electronically or in print. Investors accept full responsibility for any and all of their investment decisions based on their own independent research and evaluation of their own investment goals, risk tolerance, and financial condition. FinancialBuzz.com. By accessing this editorial and website and any pages thereof, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time. None of the content issued by FinancialBuzz.com constitutes a recommendation for any investor to purchase, hold or sell any particular security, pursue a particular investment strategy or that any security is suitable for any investor. This publication is provided by FinancialBuzz.com. Each investor is solely responsible for determining whether a particular security or investment strategy is suitable based on their objectives, other securities holdings, financial situation needs, and tax status. You agree to consult with your investment advisor, tax and legal consultant before making any investment decisions. We make no representations as to the completeness, accuracy or timeless of the material provided. All materials are subject to change without notice. Information is obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but its accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed. For our full disclaimer, disclosure and Terms of Use, please visit: http://www.financialbuzz.com.For further information:\nMedia Contact:\ninfo@financialbuzz.com\n+1-877-601-1879Url: www.FinancialBuzz.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/consumers-demand-innovative-over-the-top-solutions-for-media-sharing-300818332.htmlSOURCE FinancialBuzz.comCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Consumers Demand Innovative Over-The-Top Solutions for Media Sharing"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/blockchain-leader-kaleido-announces-new-support-for-microsoft-azure-unveils-ability-to-build-borderless-blockchains-across-clouds-and-geographies-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 10:15 a.m. ET", "article": "To address the needs of enterprise blockchain organizations, Kaleido's Blockchain Business Cloud  delivers another industry first, enabling clients to build networks across multiple clouds and geographies on a single platform.AUSTIN, Texas, March 14, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- SXSW Conference 2019 -- Kaleido, a ConsenSys business, announces its Blockchain Business Cloud is now available on Microsoft Azure's Marketplace.This new support for Azure, in tandem with Kaleido's earlier collaboration with Amazon Web Services (AWS), allows Kaleido to offer an industry first: a seamless blockchain solution spanning multiple cloud providers and geographic regions. Decentralized ownership of the network across clouds and regions is a foundational enterprise blockchain requirement and Kaleido's new borderless blockchain capability uniquely fills this need, enabling an accelerated pace of adoption by global blockchain consortia. Blockchain technology is sweeping across enterprises in all major industries. With its shared ledger and smart contract software, blockchain requires business network participants to collaborate in order to deploy and operate the technology. This collaboration can often take the form of blockchain consortia: groups of organizations that collaborate to define use cases and to develop and run blockchain applications for shared business utility. In fact, according to a recent study by Deloitte, 74% of respondents said their company was either already participating in a blockchain consortium or likely to join one.Yet organizations to date have struggled to progress blockchain projects in part because each enterprise brings its own pre-existing investments in cloud, IT structures, operating preferences and data residency requirements. Participants starting with different entry points could find themselves siloed in one cloud when they want to graduate out of limited size pilots into large scale hybrid business networks where they can realize the full value of blockchain ecosystem initiatives.According to industry analysts, AWS and Azure comprise over 80 percent of the public cloud sector. For the first time, the enterprises they serve around the globe can now collaborate to build diverse business networks on a single, cross cloud solution operating on the Kaleido platform.\"Blockchain with its shared ledger is fundamentally a distributed technology. The world's transactional systems are being reinvented on blockchain and need an enterprise platform that also is broadly distributed,\" said Steve Cerveny, Kaleido Founder and CEO. \"We've built our platform across the leading public clouds including Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services to give our clients the ability to create global, cross-cloud networks. Our customers' digital ecosystems can now grow and scale wherever and however the participants require.\"Kaleido's Blockchain Business Cloud platform enables enterprises to accelerate from the proof-of-concept stage to production blockchain networks for diverse ecosystems. Since its launch in May 2018, Kaleido has helped enterprises deploy overa thousand consortia blockchain networks, producing over 150 million blocks, with some of the world's most recognizable brands, like T-Mobile, Kroger, Heineken, Sony, Fox, UnionBank, and many others, participating in live networks.\"Microsoft continues to work deeply with the Ethereum community to advance applications of enterprise blockchain,\" said Yorke Rhodes, principal program manager, Blockchain Engineering at Microsoft. \"We're happy to welcome Kaleido to our rich blockchain partner ecosystem, so enterprises can realize the business value of blockchain faster.\"DrumG, an emerging global financial technologies company, is using Kaleido's Blockchain Business Cloud on Microsoft Azure to power its Titanium Network, a decentralized, anonymous and cryptographically secured over-the-counter (OTC) consensus data solution for investment bank trading and valuation operations, which includes Credit Suisse as a network founding institution.\"Having access to Kaleido on Azure allows us to build on the leading enterprise blockchain solution in the market, while maximizing the leading cloud infrastructure investments we've already made,\" says Tim Grant, Founder and CEO of DrumG. \"Kaleido also lets us build and deploy our blockchain solution so that it is integrated directly with our existing business processes and apps already running on Microsoft Azure.\"Kaleido customer komgo is a blockchain-based commodity trade and finance group comprised of global institutions like Citi, ING, Koch Supply & Trading, MUFG Bank, Societe Generale, ABN AMRO Bank, Credit Agricole Group, BNP Paribas, Shell and others, who each have varying needs and preferences when it comes to deployment. If one member wants to run on Azure, and another wants to run on AWS, they can seamlessly work together in a single blockchain network on Kaleido.\"As networks onboard new members and scale, these sorts of capabilities from Kaleido are critical to remove friction and tear down barriers to adoption so organizations can accelerate their path to building live production solutions for diverse business cases,\" said Soule\u00efma Baddi, CEO of komgo.The Kaleido Marketplace of plug-and-play services, integrations and partner software such as HD wallets for privacy and ID registries for organizational identity, as well as industry products such as Chainlink for smart contract oracles, Viant for supply chain management, OpenLaw and Clause.io for real-time legal contracts, are all now available on Microsoft Azure.Kaleido on Microsoft Azure is available today, try it for free at kaleido.io.About Kaleido:Kaleido, a ConsenSys Enterprise Business, is dedicated to making blockchain radically simple for organizations to adopt so that our societies will fully benefit from decentralized models and new trust systems. Kaleido is collaborating with cloud leaders Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services to offer its Blockchain Business Cloud, a full-stack SaaS platform and dedicated blockchain marketplace to accelerate the entire enterprise journey from exploration, proof of concepts and pilots to live production business networks. For more information, visit www.Kaleido.io.About ConsenSys:ConsenSys is focused on driving digital architectures toward a more open, inclusive, and secure internet of value, commonly called Web3. With a more trustworthy internet architecture, we are helping enterprises and governments unlock new business models and value, gain efficiencies through a shared IT infrastructure, and utilize modern cryptographic methods to safeguard private user data. We accomplish this through our unique global business developing Ethereum blockchain, comprised of a startup incubator, Enterprise Ethereum consulting arm, and investment fund.View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/blockchain-leader-kaleido-announces-new-support-for-microsoft-azure-unveils-ability-to-build-borderless-blockchains-across-clouds-and-geographies-300811852.htmlSOURCE KaleidoCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Blockchain Leader Kaleido Announces New Support for Microsoft Azure; Unveils Ability to Build Borderless Blockchains Across Clouds and Geographies"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/driven-deliveries-inc-launches-new-delivery-model-similar-to-amazon-driven-direct-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 8:30 a.m. ET", "article": "SAN DIEGO, March 27, Mar 27, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SAN DIEGO, March 27, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Driven Deliveries, Inc., (DRVD), the world's first and only publicly traded cannabis delivery company, announced today the launch of its new delivery model, Driven Direct. This will allow the Company to work directly with brands and retailers to deliver a broad range of cannabis products directly to consumers.Driven Direct will be launching with multiple retail partners in California, and will offer delivery throughout the state covering major metro centers and the majority of the population.Driven Direct's structure will resemble that of Amazon's delivery model. The program is designed to let entrepreneurs run their own local delivery networks featuring the Driven Deliveries logos. Each delivery unit will begin its day at a designated Driven station in California, where packages ordered from local retailers are then picked up by Driven Deliveries, Inc. drivers and delivered direct to the consumer. Location-based algorithms will determine which packages are sent to these delivery stations.The program is critical in addressing the retailers' primary transportation issue: last mile delivery. \"Last Mile Delivery\" is a term used in supply chain management and transportation planning to describe the movement of people and goods from a transportation hub to a final destination, in this case the consumer. In 2018, the Global Last Mile Delivery market size was $30.2 billion and it is expected to reach $55.2 billion by the end of 2025, with a CAGR of 9.0% during 2019-2025.\"Management is extremely pleased to unveil our new strategic delivery model, Driven Direct,\" stated Mr. Chris Boudreau, Chief Executive Officer of Driven Deliveries, Inc. \"In addition to expanding our relationships with local cannabis retailers throughout the state, this program will allow us to significantly enhance our brand throughout the country's largest legal cannabis market.\"Mr. Boudreau, continued, \"Management has built a strong foundation of human capital via the recent additions of Mr. Jerrin James from Amazon and Mr. Adam Berk of Osmio (now GrubHub) Jerrin's background in operations, large-scale processes and advanced technologies coupled with Adam's skills in E-commerce and logistics, provide a strategic advantage that will help to make Driven Direct a success. I'm confident that as the marijuana delivery market continues to evolve, bespoke services that address last mile delivery will become increasingly vital to the process. We intend to move aggressively into this market and establish ourselves as the leader in this expanding industry.\"About DrivenDriven Deliveries, Inc. is the only publicly traded cannabis delivery service operating within the United States. Founded by experienced technology and cannabis executives, the Company provides on-demand marijuana delivery, in select cities where allowed by law. Driven provides the legal cannabis consumers the ability to purchase and receive their marijuana in a fast and convenient manner. By 2020, legal cannabis revenue in the U.S. market is projected to hit $23 billion. In leveraging consumer trends, and offering a proprietary, turnkey delivery system to its customers, management believes it is uniquely positioned to best serve the needs of the emerging cannabis industry and capture notable market share within the sector. For more information, please visit https://GoDriven.com/ and review Driven's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.Contact\nChris Boudreau, CEO\n1 (888) 322-4449\nIR@GoDriven.com\nwww.godriven.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Driven Deliveries, Inc. Launches New Delivery Model Similar to Amazon, Driven Direct"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-futures-rise-more-than-100-points-as-stock-market-aims-for-best-weekly-run-in-a-month-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 4:37 p.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks closed higher Friday, with the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq finishing at five-month highs, as market sentiment was buoyed by encouraging headlines on U.S.-China trade negotiations and Chinese assurances of forthcoming economic stimulus.The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.05% climbed 14 points, or 0.5%, to 2,822.48 and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.03% advanced 57.62 points, 0.8%, to 7,688.53. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.20% gained 138.93 points, or 0.5%, to 25,848.87.For the week, the Dow rose 1.6%, its best since Feb. 15 and the Nasdaq rallied 3.8%, the tech-centric index\u2019s strongest since Dec. 28, while the S&P 500 added 2.9% for its biggest weekly gain since Nov. 30, according to FactSet data.Investors digested comments from Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, Beijing\u2019s No. 2 leader after President Xi Jinping, who expressed optimism that a trade deal between China and the U.S. can be achieved that suits both parties.He said that the parties may be several weeks away from a tariff agreement, but described China as \u201cvery responsible and reasonable.\u201d Separately, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, speaking to reporters after his Senate testimony in front of a finance committee, said no date had been set for a meeting between Xi and Trump to complete a deal, adding that \u201cthere\u2019s still a lot of work to do.\u201dTrade talks between the two of the globe\u2019s largest economies has been chief among concerns for investors because an heated war between the two have the potential to hurt economies world-wide.Li also addressed weakness in the world\u2019s second-largest economy and pledged to maintain strong stimulus measures, such as lowering interest rates, cutting bank reserve ratios, and slashing taxes for consumers and businesses, sparking hopes that a stable Chinese economy could stem a recent trend of slowing global growth.Read: Don\u2019t look now, but global economic data is starting to surprise investors in a good wayThe New York Fed\u2019s Empire State index fell to a reading of 3.7 in March from 8.8 in the prior month, a near two-year low. Economists had expected a reading of 10, according to a survey by Econoday.U.S. industrial production rose by 0.1% in February, below the 0.4% increase expected by economists, according to a MarketWatch poll. January\u2019s figure, however, was raised to show a 0.4% drop, rather than a 0.6% decline as previously estimated.Job openings in the U.S. rose to 7.58 million in January, the third-highest level on record, according to the Labor Department.Consumer sentiment rose in March to 97.8 from 93.8 in February, according to a preliminary reading of the University of Michigan consumer sentiment index. The reading was above the 95 level expected by economists polled by MarketWatch.The initial move higher was driven by Li\u2019s comments indicating that the Chinese government was committed to taking additional stimulus measures if needed to prop up the world\u2019s second largest economy, Brent Schutte, chief investment strategist at Northwestern Mutual Asset Management, told MarketWatch.\u201cYou\u2019re seeing smaller cap companies do well, which indicates a risk-on mood on Wall Street,\u201d he added, pointing to strong consumer confidence data as reason to believe that the U.S. economy\u2019s expansion has more room to run.\u201cThis risk-on sentiment was mainly built on ground of a widespread optimism following President Trump\u2019s recent statement about a \u2018very responsible and reasonable China\u2019. The U.S. president also added he will have news on a China trade deal in the next 3-4 weeks and that could lead to an extension of this year\u2019s rally on stocks,\u201d said Pierre Veyret, a technical analyst at ActivTrades.Read: Why some investors say tech stocks are becoming less riskyCounterpoint: Longtime market bull sees unsettling parallel between today and March 2000Shares of Facebook Inc. FB, +0.36% fell 2.5% after the social media firm said that two senior executives were leaving the company.Amazon Inc. AMZN, -0.32% stock rose 1.6% after KeyBanc Capital raised its rating on the stock to overweight.Shares of Boeing Inc. BA, +0.40%  gained 1.5% following reports that it would push out a software update that could mitigate issues that led to the grounding of its 737 8 Max planes in the U.S. and abroad.Bioscrip Inc. BIOS, -1.80% shares sank 20% after the company announced a deal to merge with privately held Option Care Enterprises Inc.Shares of Ulta Beauty Inc. ULTA, +1.31% rallied 8.3% after the beauty-products retailer reported fiscal fourth quarter results late Thursday that surpassed expectations, while showing an increase in online sales.In Asia, stocks closed higher, with Japan\u2019s Nikkei 225 NIK, -0.23% China\u2019s Shanghai Composite Index SHCOMP, +0.85% and Hong Kong\u2019s Hang Seng Index HSI, +0.56% all rising more that 0.5%.European stocks also rose, with the Stoxx Europe 600 SXXP, +0.59% adding 0.7%.In commodities markets, crude oil prices US:CLJ9 ended lower, while gold GCJ9, +0.08%  settled higher, and the U.S. dollar DXY, +0.09% edged lower against its peers.\u2014Mark DeCambre contributed to this articleProviding critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "S&P 500, Nasdaq close at 5-month high on China trade, global growth optimism"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/this-credit-card-offers-better-apple-pay-rewards-than-the-new-apple-card-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 8:59 a.m. ET", "article": "The new Apple Card offers only the second-best Apple Pay rewards program of any credit card on the market.The card, unveiled Monday, offers 2% cash back on everything you spend via Apple Pay.But the U.S. Bank \u201cAltitude Reserve Visa Infinite\u201d card pays back 3% on everything you spend through Apple AAPL, +1.04%  Pay. And on everything you spend through other mobile wallets, including Samsung SSNLF, -3.07%   Pay, Google GOOG, -0.70%   Pay and Microsoft MSFT, -0.50%   Wallet.In other words, the U.S. Bank USB, -0.87%   card earns you 50% more cash back for each dollar you spend via Apple Pay than the Apple Card.\u201cIf you\u2019re looking to maximize your Apple Pay rewards, that may be the best card,\u201d said Ted Rossman, analyst at CreditCards.com. The payback on Apple Pay \u201cis significantly better than the Apple Card,\u201d he said.Oh, and if you redeem those points for travel through the U.S. Bank card\u2019s portal, Rossman said, you can get a 50% bonus, turning the 3% into an effective 4.5%.So what gives? Why is Apple second best in its own rewards program?The company declined to comment on the record, referring MarketWatch to press announcements made Monday following the event where Apple unveiled a streaming video and gaming services and a news subscription service.To be sure, the cards are different in certain respects.Apple\u2019s card seems to make a priority of simplicity and ease of use, especially for anyone with an iPhone. Apple also boasts that there are \u201cno fees associated with Apple Card,\u201d including no annual, late, international or over-the-limit fees. \u201cIf a customer misses a payment, they will not be charged a penalty rate,\u201d Apple said Monday, but added that \u201clate or missed payments will result in additional interest accumulating towards the customer\u2019s balance.\u201dThe U.S. Bank card comes with a $400 annual fee. That could be a deal-killer for many. But for that you get an automatic $325 credit for travel spending each year, so the net cost for most will be $75.And for your annual fee you also get various other goodies \u2014 such as free access to airline Wi-Fi and VIP airport lounges \u2014 which will be valuable to some but not others. You also have to become a U.S. Bank customer.", "title": "This credit card offers better Apple Pay rewards than the new Apple Card"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/jpmorgan-chase-declares-common-stock-dividend-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 4:17 p.m. ET", "article": "The Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.51% (\u201cJPMorgan Chase\u201d or the \u201cFirm\u201d) declared a quarterly dividend on the outstanding shares of the common stock of JPMorgan Chase. Information can be found on the Firm\u2019s Investor Relations website at jpmorganchase.com/press-releases.JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.51% is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of customers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190319005873/en/SOURCE: JPMorgan Chase & Co.Investor Contact:\nJason Scott\n212-270-2479\n\nMedia Contact:\nJoseph Evangelisti\n212-270-7438Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "JPMorgan Chase Declares Common Stock Dividend"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-theranos-founder-elizabeth-holmes-may-have-faked-a-low-voice-and-how-apple-convinced-us-that-airpods-arent-ridiculous-anymore-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 5:11 p.m. ET", "article": "Happy Thursday, MarketWatchers. Don\u2019t miss these top stories:CEOs with lower tones make an average of $187,000 more per year.A new bill would require warning labels on makeup marketed to children following the recall of certain cosmetic products, which the FDA says contain asbestos.This man wonders whether it\u2019s a good time to raise the delicate subject of death and diamonds with the woman who is set to become his third wife.Energy efficiency can boost public health, a new study says.A new study suggests drinking piping-hot tea can almost double the risk of esophageal cancer.A new study has something to say about the toll of workplace automation.New court papers counter plaintiffs who say they\u2019ve been wronged in the information-sharing firestorm.Rich people, they\u2019re just like us. Sort of.The iPhone maker this week rolled out its second-generation wireless AirPods.Wealth managers are using social media to talk about the best investing and financial planning strategies, and some are doing it well enough to stand out among their peers.President Donald Trump discussed the economy with corporate leaders on Thursday, as he signed an executive order on education and tweeted it\u2019s time for the U.S. to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights.CNN anchor Chris Cuomo recently slammed rival Fox News as \u201cstate TV\u201d and \u201cpawns of the president.\u201d Disagree? A poll released on Thursday might \u2014 but probably won\u2019t \u2014 change your mind.Real-estate agents around the country weigh in on what they\u2019re seeing in their areas, and some broad national trends are emerging.A new exchange-traded fund takes a very broad approach to tracking housing stocks, and argues that it is a good way to play the housing crisis.Rates for home loans fell, pushing mortgage applications higher, in a reminder that economic growth is just tepid enough to allow some home buyers to catch a break.U.S. cannabis retailer Curaleaf Holdings Inc. said late Wednesday that it has inked a deal with CVS Health Corp. to carry its line of cannabidiol, or CBD, products.Are you a young family thinking about budgeting, investing, saving for retirement or buying a home? We\u2019d be eager to talk to you as part of a personal finance project we\u2019re working on. E-mail raakhee.mirchandani@dowjones.com to learn more.Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Why Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes may have faked a low voice and how Apple convinced us that AirPods aren\u2019t ridiculous (anymore)"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-unveils-new-kindle-with-a-front-light-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:02 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazons-stock-surges-above-200-day-moving-average-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 2:12 p.m. ET", "article": "Shares of Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.03% rallied 1.9% in afternoon trade Monday, which puts them on track to send a bullish technical signal by closing above the widely followed 200-day moving average (DMA). A close above the 200-DMA, which many chart watchers view as a dividing line between longer-term uptrends and downtrends, would be the third time it has done so over the past 3 1/2 months. The two previous closes above the line, on Jan. 31 and Dec. 3, were followed by quick reversals back below the line the next day. The 200-DMA currently extends to $1,730.20, according to FactSet. The last time it closed above the line for at least 2-straight days was on Nov. 9. Of the other FAANG stocks, shares of Netflix Inc. NFLX, +0.21% have closed above its 200-DMA since Jan. 30 and Google-parent Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.61% has closed above it since March 1, while Facebook Inc. FB, -0.01% and Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.07% are below their respective 200-DMAs. Microsoft's stock has climbed 12.5% over the past three months, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.13% has tacked on 9.3%. In a note to clients Monday, Wells Fargo said Amazon is still gaining retail customers, and they're visiting more frequently, with the company's \"share of wallett\" in the fourth quarter increasing 33% from a year ago.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Amazon's stock surges above 200-day moving average"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/checkers-rallys-launches-deepest-and-most-franchisee-friendly-delivery-platform-in-qsr-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "TAMPA, Fla., March 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Checkers & Rally's Restaurants, Inc., today announced the launch of the brand's new delivery platform, the most comprehensive and franchisee-friendly delivery system in all of QSR. The platform brings five national delivery services \u2013 Uber Eats, DoorDash, Postmates, Grubhub and Amazon Restaurants \u2013 together under one single, seamless point-of-sale (POS) system. Integrations via Olo will give guests the ability to order the brand's \"Crazy Good Food\" from their favorite delivery service, while giving franchisees and restaurant operators a profitable and operationally simple way to fulfill those orders.\"While some of the biggest brands in QSR have committed to a single delivery service, we wanted to give Checkers & Rally's guests more ways to bring our amazing burgers, famous seasoned fries and exciting flavors to their front doors,\" said Rick Silva, President and CEO of Checkers Drive-In Restaurants, Inc. \"At the same time, we wanted to provide our franchisee community with a fully integrated platform that would make it easy and profitable to fulfill delivery orders. It's a perfect way to satisfy both our guests and our franchisees.\"Unlike other delivery services, where restaurants have to add a new order-receiving tablet for each third-party delivery provider they use, Checkers & Rally's has developed a unique process where orders from delivery services feed into a single POS system and right into their kitchen.Moreover, the Checkers & Rally's system doesn't require cashiers to re-key delivery orders into the register like most delivery systems do. Instead, delivery orders integrate directly into the POS system, right along with traditional drive-thru and walk-up orders, reducing labor, time and user error. As a result, the Checkers & Rally's delivery system is the most comprehensive and most efficient platform in QSR.\"We knew that delivery had the potential to drive sales and profits for our restaurants in exciting new ways, but at the same time, we also knew that a technological innovation this significant had to be seamless for both our guests and our franchisees,\" said Silva. \"We took the necessary time to test and refine our delivery technology and seamlessly incorporate it into our operating systems so that we can now offer our guests and our franchisees the easiest and most inclusive delivery program in the category.\"Checkers & Rally's partnered with Olo, an integrated ordering and delivery platform provider, to develop this innovative approach to delivery.\"The leadership team at Checkers & Rally's wasn't satisfied with traditional delivery systems that overwhelm restaurant teams with multiple tablets that need to be constantly monitored and manually entered into the restaurant's POS systems,\" said Noah Glass, Founder & CEO of Olo. \"We embraced their innovative and collaborative approach, working with them to create one of the deepest and easiest systems in the restaurant industry.\"Checkers & Rally's chose to team up with Uber Eats, DoorDash, Postmates, Grubhub and Amazon Restaurants because of their significant experience in the restaurant delivery space. At the same time, Checkers & Rally's was proud to become one of the first national quick-service restaurant partners with Amazon Restaurants.\"We are excited to welcome Checkers & Rally's as a key national QSR option for customers,\" said Jerry Rapisarda, General Manager, Amazon Restaurants. \"We're always looking for ways to bring customers even more options when it comes to food, and we think Checkers & Rally's is a perfect fit that our customers will love.\"Rather than leaving its franchisees to try to individually manage and coordinate their third-party delivery business with multiple providers, Checkers and Rally's has centralized the entire business model, building a delivery support team that offers franchisees a single point of contact for their delivery business, including contract negotiations, technology support, training and menu management. This unique approach simplifies the business for franchisees and ensures that delivery orders are as profitable as traditional orders coming through the drive-thru.ABOUT CHECKERS & RALLY'S RESTAURANTS:Based in Tampa, Fla., Checkers & Rally's Restaurants, Inc., an iconic and innovative drive-thru restaurant chain known for its \"Crazy Good Food,\" exceptional value, and people-first attitude, operates and franchises both Checkers\u00ae and Rally's\u00ae restaurants. With nearly 900 restaurants and room to grow, Checkers & Rally's is a proven brand with flexible building formats that is aggressively expanding across the country. Checkers & Rally's is dedicated to being a place where franchisees and employees who work hard can create opportunity for themselves, their families, and their communities. In recent years, the brand has been awarded several of the industry's most prestigious awards including: Entrepreneur's 2018 Franchise 500, Top Food and Beverage Franchise by Franchise Business Review, 2016, 2017 and 2018 Best Franchise Deals, Best Drive-Thru in America by QSR Magazine, and #1 Most Craveable Fries by Restaurant Business. For more information about franchise opportunities with Checkers & Rally's, please visit www.checkersfranchising.com.MEDIA CONTACT:\nSydney Creagh\nNo Limit Agency\n312.526.3996\nsydney@nolimitagency.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/checkers--rallys-launches-deepest-and-most-franchisee-friendly-delivery-platform-in-qsr-300815465.htmlSOURCE Checkers & Rally's Restaurants, Inc.Copyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Checkers & Rally's Launches Deepest and Most Franchisee-Friendly Delivery Platform in QSR"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/labaton-sucharow-whistleblower-awarded-13-million-for-reporting-securities-violations-leading-to-267-million-enforcement-action-against-jpmorgan-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 3:35 p.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced awards totaling $50 million to \"two whistleblowers whose high-quality information assisted the agency in bringing a successful enforcement action.\" Labaton Sucharow LLP represented one of the whistleblowers, who will receive $13 million for reporting a tip to the SEC that led to a massive enforcement action charging J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (JPMS) and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. (JPMCB) with securities violations for failing to disclose conflicts of interest to clients.Jordan A. Thomas, chair of Labaton Sucharow's Whistleblower Representation Practice, served as counsel to the whistleblower, a J.P. Morgan executive, who cooperated in the agency's investigation. The case, in which JPMS and JPMCB agreed to pay $267 million to settle the charges in December 2015, is one of the largest enforcement actions initiated by an SEC whistleblower since the SEC Whistleblower Program was enacted.\"Blowing the whistle is rarely easy, and it certainly hasn't been for my client, but this historic SEC whistleblower award and related enforcement action reaffirms that doing the right thing pays,\" said Mr. Thomas. \"Thanks to the SEC Whistleblower Program, today corporate whistleblowers know that the Commission has their back and blowing the whistle anonymously dramatically increases the probability of a happy ending.\"The landmark enforcement action brought in 2015 as a result of the whistleblowers' tips charged J.P. Morgan with a preference to invest clients in the firm's own proprietary investment products without properly disclosing the practice, which compromised two pillars of money management\u2014asset allocation and the selection of fund managers\u2014and deprived the bank's clients of critical information to make fully informed investment decisions. A principal architect of the SEC Whistleblower Program, Thomas established Labaton Sucharow's whistleblower practice in 2011. Both a pioneer and recognized leader in the field, the Labaton team today combines more than 100 years of enforcement experience with more former federal securities prosecutors than any other SEC whistleblower practice in the world. Their cases have led to groundbreaking recoveries and decisions, including representation of:  whistleblowers receiving the largest SEC Whistleblower Award ($83 million) to-date; the largest ever tax whistleblower recovery in New York history; the first officer of a public company to receive an award; the first whistleblower to receive criminal immunity; and a case that led to the first prosecution of company for retaliating against a whistleblower.About Labaton Sucharow LLPFor more than 50 years, Labaton Sucharow has been one of the country's premier law firms representing businesses, institutional investors, and consumers in complex securities and business litigation. The firm established the first national practice exclusively focused on SEC whistleblowers under the leadership of a principal architect of the SEC's whistleblower program. In addition to securing precedent-setting awards, the firm won the largest bounty in the program's history. More information about Labaton Sucharow's SEC whistleblower practice is available at www.secwhistlebloweradvocate.com.Media Contact: Suzanne Hallberg, 1-212-7870169, shallberg@zip-comm.comView original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/labaton-sucharow-whistleblower-awarded-13-million-for-reporting-securities-violations-leading-to-267-million-enforcement-action-against-jpmorgan-300818959.htmlSOURCE Labaton Sucharow LLPCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Labaton Sucharow Whistleblower Awarded $13 Million for Reporting Securities Violations Leading to $267 Million Enforcement Action Against JPMorgan"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/saving-money-with-geico-after-your-tax-refund-2019-02-25": {"date": "Feb 25, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Most people already know what they want to do with their tax refund money. For some, it\u2019s as simple as paying down credit card debt, and for others, it\u2019s the start of a shopping spree.GEICO is offering these tips to help you keep more refund money in your pocket if you are purchasing a vehicle, house, apartment or condo.GEICO Mobile: Buying a new car? Before you leave the lot, you\u2019ll need auto insurance for sure. Use GEICO Mobile to get a quick, accurate quote and see how much you could save.Single Payment: Avoid installment charges by paying your auto insurance for the policy period, allowing you to save even more money. Click Pay to learn how easy it is tobuy your insurance for the policy term.Multi-Policy Discount: If you own or rent a house, apartment or condo, or have multiple vehicles (cars, motorcycles, ATVs, RVs, or a boat), contact GEICO for more ways to save with a multi-policy discount.Businesses could also save with GEICO. Log onto GEICO.com and check out our additional insurance to see how much money you could save.Some discounts, coverages, payment plans and features are not available in all states, in all GEICO companies, or in all situations. Motorcycle and ATV coverages are underwritten by GEICO Indemnity Company.Boat and PWC coverages are underwritten by GEICO Marine Insurance Company.Commercial auto coverage is underwritten by Government Employees Insurance Company. Business operations and property coverages, and in some cases commercial auto coverage, are provided through GEICO Insurance Agency, Inc., either under an arrangement with Berkshire Hathaway affiliates or with non-affiliated insurers. Homeowners, renters, condo and term life coverages are written through non-affiliated insurance companies and are secured through the GEICO Insurance Agency, Inc.The GEICO Personal Umbrella Policy is provided by Government Employees Insurance Company and is available to qualified Government Employees Insurance Company and GEICO General Insurance Company policyholders and other eligible persons.GEICO is the second-largest private passenger auto insurer in the United States according to the 2017 A.M. Best market share report, published May 2018.GEICO is a registered service mark of Government Employees Insurance Company, Washington, DC 20076; a Berkshire Hathaway Inc. subsidiary.\u00a9 2019 GEICOView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190225005595/en/SOURCE: GEICO\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@geicoGEICO Communications\ngcorpcomm@geico.com\nTo view GEICO's Blog: https://www.geico.com/more/Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Saving Money with GEICO after Your Tax Refund"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/itc-rules-in-qualcomms-favor-in-apple-patent-dispute-some-iphone-models-face-import-ban-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 2:21 p.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/new-fox-names-board-of-directors-begins-trading-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 5:58 p.m. ET", "article": "Fox Corp., which began trading as a stand-alone company Tuesday following a spinoff from 21st Century Fox, named Paul Ryan, the former speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, to its board.The new Fox, which holds TV assets including Fox News, the Fox broadcast network and television stations, and Fox Sports, also appointed Anne Dias, Roland Hernandez and Chase Carey to its board.Mr. Hernandez, chief executive of Hernandez Media Ventures, served as chief executive of Telemundo Group Inc. from 1995 to 2000. Ms. Dias founded media-focused investment fund Aragon Global Holdings. Mr. Carey, the chairman and CEO of Formula 1, held various top posts at 21st Century Fox, including vice chairman until this year.The board also includes Jacques Nasser, who previously served as chairman of mining company BHP Billiton Limited, Rupert Murdoch, the company's co-chairman, and his son Lachlan Murdoch, the company's chairman and chief executive.Mr. Ryan, the Republican Party nominee for vice president in 2012, left his role as House speaker this year.Walt Disney Co. is acquiring the remaining 21st Century Fox entertainment assets for $71.3 billion, a deal expected to close Wednesday. Disney is purchasing production businesses such as the Twentieth Century Fox studio, U.S. cable networks including FX and National Geographic and international properties including Star India. It also will acquire Fox's stake in streaming-video service Hulu.The acquisition of 21st Century Fox's assets and content libraries will help Disney compete with streaming giants like Netflix Inc. and emerging competitors such as Warner Media and Apple Inc. Disney is launching a streaming service, Disney+, this year, part of the company's broader strategy to offer films, scripted television shows and live sports directly to consumers.With its major entertainment and international assets sold, Fox Corp. is planning to focus on sports and news specifically for the U.S. market. Rupert Murdoch and his family are significant shareholders in Fox Corp. and Wall Street Journal parent News Corp.James Murdoch, Lachlan's younger brother, is not expected to have a role at the company and is starting an investment fund targeting digital and international media businesses, people familiar with the matter have said.The assets that now make up Fox Corp. generated $10.2 billion in revenue in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, up 2% from the previous year, according to a securities filing by the company. Net income for the Fox Corp. business in fiscal 2018 was up 59% to $2.2 billion, powered by a tax benefit. Without that gain, income fell 3%.Affiliate fees, such as carriage payments from cable TV providers, have been a major revenue driver, and they grew 15% in fiscal 2018. In a separate filing, Fox said it expects the pace of affiliate fee growth to \"meaningfully decelerate\" in the last half of the fiscal year that ends June 30.Some executives from 21st Century Fox are joining Disney, including 21st Century Fox President Peter Rice and top television executives Dana Walden and John Landgraf. On the film side, Emma Watts, the vice chairman of the Twentieth Century Fox studio, has been named vice chairman of the Twentieth Century Fox film label. Nancy Utley and Stephen Gilula, the heads of Fox Searchlight Pictures, will continue in those roles.Write to Allison Prang at allison.prang@wsj.com and Benjamin Mullin at Benjamin.Mullin@wsj.com", "title": "New Fox names board of directors, begins trading"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-an-inverted-yield-curve-doesnt-mean-investors-should-immediately-sell-stocks-2019-03-25-17103014": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 5:00 p.m. ET", "article": "Tony Dwyer, chief U.S. markets strategist for Canaccord Genuity, is urging investors to view a yield curve inversion as an opportunity rather than a death knell. See full story.Apple Inc. deepened its push into services on Monday, announcing a credit card launched in partnership with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. as well as new streaming services centered on news, videos and gaming. See full story.Nike Inc. shares fell then recovered most of their losses in afternoon trade Monday, after a drama-filled ten-minute period in which lawyer Michael Avenatti said he would unveil a major scandal involving the sporting goods giant \u2014 before being arrested. See full story.McLean talks with MarketWatch about the only two stocks he owns, the meaning of \u2018American Pie,\u2019 and why he\u2019s never had an assistant See full story.\u201cI was sitting in a grey cubicle 10 hours a day and still had little to show for it except a title and a stressful life,\u201d one Gen Xer tells MarketWatch. See full story.When and how to give your kid a credit card See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free After the Bell newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Why an inverted yield curve doesn\u2019t mean investors should immediately sell stocks"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-announces-arcade-gaming-subscription-service-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 2:12 p.m. ET", "article": "Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.88% announced a new gaming subscription service on Monday, featuring \"over 100 new and exclusive games.\" The service will have games from Cartoon Network, Finji, Giant Squid, Snowman and other independent publishers. The service doesn't include titles from major publishers Activision Blizzard Inc. ATVI, -1.23% Electronic Arts Inc. EA, -1.22% or Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. TTWO, -1.78% Apple didn't disclose pricing for the service. The company said that the games on this service won't have ads or the option for in-app purchases. Apple plans to launch Arcade in the fall in more than 150 countries. Arcade will be housed within the App Store and will be playable across devices, including the Apple TV. Shares are off 1.7% in afternoon trading, and they've gained 28% over the past three months as the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.02% of which Apple is a component, has risen 17%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple announces Arcade gaming subscription service"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/airpods-the-worlds-most-popular-wireless-headphones-are-getting-even-better-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 8:30 a.m. ET", "article": "Apple\u00ae today announced new AirPods\u00ae, the second generation of the world\u2019s most popular wireless headphones. AirPods revolutionized the wireless audio experience with a breakthrough design and the new AirPods build on the magical experience customers love. The new Apple-designed H1 chip, developed specifically for headphones, delivers performance efficiencies, faster connect times, more talk time and the convenience of hands-free \u201cHey Siri.\u201d AirPods come with either a standard charging case or a new Wireless Charging Case for convenient charging at home and on the go. The new AirPods and AirPods with Wireless Charging Case are available to order on apple.com and the Apple Store\u00ae app starting today, and in Apple Stores beginning next week.\u201cAirPods delivered a magical wireless experience and have become one of the most beloved products we\u2019ve ever made. They connect easily with all of your devices, and provide crystal clear sound and intuitive, innovative control of your music and audio,\u201d said Phil Schiller, Apple\u2019s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. \u201cThe world\u2019s best wireless headphones just got even better with the new AirPods. They are powered by the new Apple-designed H1 chip which brings an extra hour of talk time, faster connections, hands-free \u2018Hey Siri\u2019 and the convenience of a new wireless battery case.\u201dThe new Apple-designed H1 chip features custom audio architecture to create a revolutionary audio experience and improved synchronization. H1 allows AirPods to deliver up to 50 percent more talk time compared to first generation AirPods. Switching between devices while listening to music on iPhone\u00ae, Apple Watch\u00ae or iPad\u00ae is more seamless than ever with two times faster connect times. For the first time, AirPods now feature the convenience of \"Hey Siri\u201d making it easier to change songs, make a call, adjust the volume or get directions simply by saying, \u201cHey Siri.\u201dThe new AirPods come with either the standard charging case or the new Wireless Charging Case. Each case holds additional charges for more than 24 hours of total listening time, ensuring AirPods are charged and ready to go whenever you are. The Wireless Charging Case is designed to offer the freedom of wireless charging with Qi-compatible charging solutions. An LED light indicator located on the front of the case conveniently shows the charge status with just a glance. Existing AirPods customers can purchase the standalone Wireless Charging Case.Pricing and AvailabilityApple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple\u2019s four software platforms \u2014 iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS \u2014 provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple\u2019s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple Newsroom (www.apple.com/newsroom), or call Apple\u2019s Media Helpline at (408) 974-2042.\u00a9 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo AirPods, Siri, Apple Store, iPhone, Apple Watch and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005226/en/SOURCE: Apple Inc.Apple\nAlex Kirschner, (408) 974-2479\nalexkirschner@apple.com\nFana Yohannes, (408) 974-2246\nfyohannes@apple.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "AirPods, the World\u2019s Most Popular Wireless Headphones, are Getting Even Better"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/google-unveils-stadia-streaming-videogame-service-but-not-a-price-tag-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 4:40 p.m. ET", "article": "Google is taking major steps to jump into the videogame industry, announcing Tuesday a new streaming platform that it will launch this year as well as an in-house videogame-production unit, though it neglected to lay out costs.Gaming titans have long chased streaming as something of a Holy Grail, anticipating that unburdening people from expensive desktop computers or gaming consoles to run the best titles will drive millions more to play games. Often called cloud gaming, streaming technology lets people play the most complex and graphically intensive titles on virtually any hardware, including mobile devices.For more: Why there may never be a Netflix of videogamesAlphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.63% GOOG, -0.69% announced its major foray into the sector Tuesday at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco, where Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai unveiled Stadia. The streaming service aims to combine elements of YouTube, the company\u2019s massive cloud infrastructure, its Chromecast streaming stick and a new piece of hardware \u2014 a controller \u2014 for its platform.\u201cThere are a lot of barriers to play high-end games, beautiful graphics really need high-end consoles or PCs and games don\u2019t have instant access,\u201d Pichai said on stage. \u201cThink about the way the web works, you can easily share a link and it works seamlessly. We want games to feel that way too.\u201dBuilt on the back of Google\u2019s global data-center empire, executives said the company is working with Advanced Micro Devices Inc. AMD, -3.08%  , which will supply custom graphics-processing-unit hardware to power the core of Stadia streaming.Executives showed off the new platform\u2019s ability to launch \u201cAssassin\u2019s Creed Odyssey\u201d from a YouTube video link, switching from laptop to mobile phone to television. \u201cOdyssey\u201d is a \u201cAAA\u201d title from Ubisoft Entertainment SA UBI, -0.09% UBSFY, -0.79% a designation that denotes the game requires advanced graphics hardware typically found on a PC or console.Google did not offer details on how it would price games offered via the service, what it planned to charge developers to use the platform, nor the cost of the Stadia controller. Google could structure Stadia similarly to the Play Store model, where developers sell access to their games and split the revenue with Alphabet, instead of charging a subscription fee for users. Executives said they would offer more details about what titles would be available at a launch in the summer, promising to launch the service within the year in markets such as U.S. and Canada.In general, streaming services offer videogame giants the hope of attracting new customers \u2014 because they won\u2019t have to buy expensive hardware, among other reasons \u2014 and will have the ability to deploy the massive resources of data centers. Without the constraints of a single machine such as a PC or console, those resources could be used to build advanced machine learning into games, create massive levels within the games or even reduce load time.Reduced load time was among the features Google touted when it courted developers at GDC. Executives also demonstrated the advantages of deploying multiple GPU instances to power a single game, and applying machine-learning technology to add graphics layers in real time that previously was impractical on a single computer.\u201cThe data center is your platform,\u201d said Majd Bakar, head of engineering for Stadia.See also: This violent videogame has made more money than any movie everMultiplayer titles could benefit substantially from running in Google\u2019s cloud. Among other advancements, Stadia could let thousands of players participate in a \u201cFortnite\u201d-like \u201cbattle royale\u201d game, versus the current max of roughly 100 per round.The new videogame studio, Stadia Games and Entertainment, will be run by Jade Raymond, who has produced \u201cAssassin\u2019s Creed\u201d titles and several other games.Google is not the only tech company interested in videogame streaming. Nvidia Corp. NVDA, -1.00%  has been running a beta version of a game-streaming service called GeForce Now for more than a year, attracting more than 300,000 monthly active users and a wait list of 1 million hopeful players.Nvidia\u2019s offering at the moment lacks many of the social features Google unveiled. For example, Stadia will have the ability for a player to share a specific section of the game, like a boss fight, for others to try their hand. While Nvidia offers GeForce Now free to gamers \u2014 the company maintains it has not achieved a product it is comfortable to charge for \u2014 the chip maker said Monday it has inked partnerships with Softbank 9984, +0.09%   and LG 066570, +0.82%   to white-label a form of its GeForce Now with a revenue-sharing agreement.Videogame giant Electronic Arts Inc. EA, -1.19%  has also demonstrated a streaming service but has not yet launched it. The company already offers gamers a subscription service where it grants players access to a host of titles for local download. Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.31%  and Intel Corp INTC, +0.22%   have also made moves in the sector, and Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.44%   \u2014 which owns Twitch \u2014 has been reported to be working on a streaming-game service as well.Alphabet stock closed up 1.2% Tuesday, as the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.13%   was down less than 0.1%. AMD stock surged 12% after Google confirmed that AMD\u2019s hardware would power Stadia.", "title": "Google unveils Stadia streaming-videogame service, but not a price tag"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-posts-best-day-in-5-weeks-as-stock-market-scores-a-boost-from-tech-apples-stock-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 4:00 p.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/lightstream-adds-strength-to-aws-practice-with-amazon-chime-partnership-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 1:00 p.m. ET", "article": "ORLANDO, Fla., March 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Lightstream, a global leader in cloud technology solutions, network integration and managed-network services today announced the launch of a new transformation service to support Amazon Chime.  Amazon Chime lets you meet, chat, and place business phone calls inside and outside your organization with the security of AWS.As an AWS Advanced Consulting Partner, Lightstream helps customers assess, design and manage their cloud migration and optimization plans. The addition of Amazon Chime with Amazon Business Calling and Amazon Voice Connector allows Lightstream customers to meet, call, chat and text from single cloud-based solution. Chime coupled with Lightstream's Unified Communications expertise will meet the demand for high quality, usage-based solution designs sought by customers. With an increasing number of organizations taking advantage of Lightstream services for their Connect contact center deployments, the Chime partnership creates an easy path for these same customers to modernize their meeting and calling solutions.   \"We're working with organizations across North America and South America who are excited to transform their businesses and customer experiences through AWS services like Chime,\" says Ken Daugherty, Lightstream Vice President of Business Development. \"The enthusiasm for usage-based meeting solutions and self-service contact center solutions with no long-term commitments is readily apparent in our customer conversations and at our Amazon Connect Bootcamps.  Our new partnership with Amazon Chime featuring Business Calling and Voice Connector is a natural extension due to customer demand.\"\"Customers using Amazon Chime, including the Voice Connector and Business Calling features, are able to improve availability and reduce cost for a critical IT network service,\" said Peter Hill Vice-President of Amazon Productivity Applications.  \"We're excited to partner with Lightstream whose experience in network integration, large scale enterprise communication deployments, and cloud migration will help our joint customers confidently plan and migrate this important on-premises workload.\"About LightstreamFounded in 2003 as a wide-area network services company, Lightstream has grown to become a leader in cloud migration, network integration and managed-network services. Our team of cloud experts provides a full portfolio of services including analytics, cloud optimization and containment, consolidated billing and lifecycle management.View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lightstream-adds-strength-to-aws-practice-with-amazon-chime-partnership-300813623.htmlSOURCE LightstreamCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Lightstream Adds Strength to AWS Practice with Amazon Chime Partnership"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/supersonic-taps-sparkcentral-to-provide-super-customer-service-on-top-digital-messaging-channels-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 8:00 a.m. ET", "article": "SAN FRANCISCO, March 25, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- S\u00fcpersonic, South Africa's #1 rated ISP, announced they have selected Sparkcentral's Automated Messaging Distribution (AMD) and customer engagement platform to make it easy for S\u00fcpersonic's rapidly growing customer base to contact the company via their favorite messaging channels. Sparkcentral has initially launched customer care over WhatsApp, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram, with additional channels to be made available throughout 2019.The overwhelmingly positive response from S\u00fcpersonic's customers bodes well for the up-and-coming ISP, which prides itself on combining \"No Nonsense\" internet with a superior, effortless, customer-centric experience. The company is a fully owned subsidiary of Mobile Telephone Network, better known as MTN, one of the largest communications companies in the world, but is independently operated and led by Managing Director Calvin Collett and his team. Formerly known as Smart Village, the popular ISP became the number-one rated provider serving South Africa after rebranding and relaunching in September 2018 as part of MTN. Operating its fiber to the home (FTTH) network, and providing the fastest download speeds in South Africa, S\u00fcpersonic specializes in providing a simple jargon-free customer experience with \"no complicated tech-talk\" and no long-term contracts.\"We chose Sparkcentral's platform because it provides a scalable and easily deployed solution for companies that are looking to use messaging channels to meet consumers where they are,\" said Calvin Collett, Managing Director at S\u00fcpersonic. \"While we are innovators in our market, we are very uncomplicated at S\u00fcpersonic. A simplified buying process, combined with network stability and superior customer service, are guiding principles for us. We welcome the opportunity to partner with a company like Sparkcentral that emphasizes usability and advanced customer contact solutions that meet consumers where they are.\"Sparkcentral's enterprise messaging customer service platform makes it a perfect fit to deliver on S\u00fcpersonic's brand promise while meeting its burgeoning customer service needs. \"Our solution is designed to be highly scalable and the easiest to use in the industry \u2013 we can deploy our technology and bring our clients live, literally in days,\" explained Jonathan Zorio, Sparkcentral's Vice President of Customer Success.\"Sparkcentral's mission is to make consumers' lives, and that of the digital care agents who serve them, significantly easier. Our consultative and forward-thinking approach brings to our clients not only cutting-edge messaging technologies like WhatsApp and Instagram, but we're always looking for what's next in customer engagement -- like YouTube and Reddit.  We marry this approach with our unique perspectives on how brands should plan for and operationalize messaging, backed by real customer datapoints and voice-of-the-customer feedback.\"Sparkcentral's all-in-one messaging platform brings together the most popular messaging, social care and chat channels in one universal queue, combined with smart routing capability, an AI-powered Virtual Agent framework, a persistent chat history, intuitive workflows for the agents, and an easy-to-use agent desktop. As is the nature of asynchronous messaging, customers are never getting disconnected during a chat, and messages are never dropped. Selected as a \"Wave 1\" early-access Solution Provider for the beta launch of WhatsApp Business back in August 2018, Sparkcentral is a leading partner for connecting consumers and brands via the popular global messaging app.About SparkcentralSparkcentral is an enterprise messaging customer service platform company, helping customer-centric brands around the world change the way customer service is delivered. 1.5 billion people around the globe send tens of billions of messages on WhatsApp alone - per day. Yet very few of those messages go to businesses. Sparkcentral aims to change that. The company connects businesses with customers through messaging, whether through social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube), or messaging channels such as WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, SMS, or modern live chat. Leading brands around the world rely on Sparkcentral's Messaging Customer Service platform, including Zappos, Nordstrom, Netflix, jetBlue, Emirates, DirecTV, Engie, MTN, Western Union, KBC Bank, and AXA. Learn more at www.sparkcentral.com.About S\u00fcpersonicThe best things in life are simple. S\u00fcpersonic is South Africa's newest Internet solution, brightened by MTN. Elegantly simple, it's high-speed Internet that just works. You have complete control. Our interactive app allows you to decide how you want to 'Internet'. You can upgrade or downgrade with the touch of a button. We don't do contracts. We do Internet, when you need it, on your own terms. S\u00fcpersonic is Internet that just works. It's simple enough to understand which product is right for you, but customizable enough to create a connection to the Net that really suits your lifestyle and your needs. No jargon and no complicated tech-talk. Learn more at www.supersonic.co.za.Media Contact:\nLen Fernandes\nFirecracker PR\n(888) 317-4687, ext. 702\nlen@firecrackerpr.com View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/supersonic-taps-sparkcentral-to-provide-super-customer-service-on-top-digital-messaging-channels-300817248.htmlSOURCE SparkcentralCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "S\u00fcpersonic Taps Sparkcentral to Provide Super Customer Service on Top Digital Messaging Channels"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-targets-payments-news-tv-and-videogames-in-event-aimed-at-subscription-services-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 6:54 a.m. ET", "article": "Apple Inc. deepened its push into services on Monday, announcing a credit card launched in partnership with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. as well as new streaming services centered on news, videos and gaming.The company\u2019s announcements were largely expected but nonetheless show Apple\u2019s AAPL, +0.84%  commitment to bolstering its services offerings as its core revenue stream \u2014 iPhone sales \u2014 faces a tough path toward growth. Though Apple didn\u2019t disclose pricing for most of the services, the company is looking for ways to boost recurring revenue and further drive loyalty to its ecosystem of products.Here\u2019s everything Apple announced at its Monday event:Apple\u2019s efforts with video programming are twofold: The company intends to make it easier for users to purchase subscriptions to services like HBO and Showtime through its new Apple TV offering, and the smartphone maker will also provide original content with big-name stars on a Netflix-like NFLX, -0.40%  streaming service called Apple TV+.Apple gave a preview of some of its new programming during the event, inviting stars of its various original shows to speak more about their work. Jennifer Aniston, Reese Witherspoon and Steve Carell discussed their new series \u201cThe Morning Show,\u201d and Oprah Winfrey took the stage to talk about two documentaries she\u2019s working on as well as her plans for a televised book club.Don\u2019t miss: Netflix\u2019s stock rallies, erasing previous losses after Apple announces rival streaming serviceTraditionally, the tech giant hasn\u2019t made it easy for users to access their Apple content through other companies\u2019 services, but it will be changing its approach with the latest updates to the Apple TV offering. The service will work on Roku Inc. ROKU, -1.68%  and Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.38%  smart devices and also be accessible on certain smart TVs, while other streaming services will be available in the app.Apple left out arguably the most important detail of its new service: the price. There has been debate among the rumor mill about whether Apple plans to offer its original shows for free to Apple TV users or whether it will charge a fee. Users may have to wait until the fall, when Apple TV+ launches, to find out the answer.Apple also plans to launch a streaming service for videogames, though the product seems mainly focused on independent studios. Arcade, the new service, will feature \u201cover 100 new and exclusive games\u201d and will be free of both ads and in-game purchases. Participating publishers include Bossa Studios, Klei Entertainment, Mistwalker Corp. and Snowman. Big publishers Activision Blizzard Inc. ATVI, -1.28% , Electronic Arts Inc. EA, -1.45% and Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. TTWO, -1.95%  don\u2019t appear to be a part of the package.See also: Games maker stocks fall a bit further after Apple Arcade game subscription serviceArcade will launch in the fall and will be playable across Apple devices, including Apple TVs. The company didn\u2019t release pricing information for this service.Apple will bundle subscriptions to more than 300 magazines as well as certain content from The Wall Street Journal and the Los Angeles Times in a new offering, which will cost $9.99 a month. Vogue, The Atlantic, National Geographic and Golf are among the participating magazines. Apple will allow subscribers to share the new Apple News+ service with their family members.The company will allow viewers to browse subscription content by issue and also provide them with targeted story recommendations from across publications based on topics that they\u2019ve read about in the past. News+ will also feature animated magazine covers to take advantage of the digital platform.After experimenting with peer-to-peer payments and other forms of mobile payments, Apple is trying its hand at physical cards. The company announced the Apple Card, a titanium credit card with digital components, which users can apply for via their iPhones.The Apple Card offers a cash-back rewards program, giving cardholders 1% back on general purchases, 2% back on Apple Pay purchases and 3% back on purchases made within the Apple ecosystem. Rewards will be transferred to the Cash Card, a digital card that\u2019s part of the Apple Wallet and that can be used wherever Apple Pay is accepted.Apple promises to be more transparent than other card companies about various aspects of spending, including by providing more precise details about where purchases are made and giving a simple, on-device view of purchase history. The company will also let cardholders interactively visualize the impact of credit-card payments of various sizes. The Apple card has no annual, late, international or over-the-limit fees, according to a release. Cardholders can receive support for customer-service inquiries via text.Users will get a titanium card once they are approved. Apple partnered with Goldman Sachs GS, -0.39%  and Mastercard Inc. MA, -0.03%  on the card, which will be available this summer.Apple stock ended the day\u2019s session down 1.2% at $188.74. Shares have gained 14.4% in the past year, as the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.14%  has gained 8.2%.", "title": "Apple targets payments, news, TV and videogames in event detailing new subscription services"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/stocks-are-at-an-inflection-point-this-is-what-to-expect-if-you-believe-in-technical-analysis-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 9:33 a.m. ET", "article": "The U.S. stock market is at an inflection point. The key question for investors is, \u201cWhat\u2019s next?\u201dSome traditional TA \u2014 or technical analysis \u2014 believers see a breakout happening.Let us explore with the help of a chart \u2014 if you believe in traditional technical analysis. In my own view, traditional technical analysis no longer works as well as it used to; please click here to see the reasons.Video: Eight tax-law changes that will most affect your 2018 returnPlease click here for an annotated chart of S&P 500 ETF SPY, -0.02% . Somewhat different conclusions are to be drawn from charts of the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.10% , the Nasdaq 100 ETF QQQ, +0.01% and a small-cap ETF IWM, -0.27% . Please note the following:\u2022 The chart shows two key levels.\u2022 By some measures, there is a breakout above the lower key level.\u2022 In our analysis at The Arora Report, the breakout is suspect at this time because it is not decisive and it happened on quadruple witching, when a range of options and futures expire.\u2022 The chart shows that five (depending upon how you count) previous attempts to break through this level have failed.\u2022 The chart shows The Arora Report \u201cbuy\u201d signal on Christmas Eve at the low of the market.\u2022 The chart shows that The Arora Report correctly identified prior lows as \u201cnot likely lows.\u201d\u2022 RSI (relative strength index) shows that the overbought condition has been relieved. This augurs well for a breakout.\u2022 If the breakout becomes decisive, expect the market to move to the higher key level marked \u201cresistance.\u201d\u2022 If the breakout fails, expect the market to move to the support zone shown on the chart.Ask Arora: Nigam Arora answers your questions about investing in stocks, ETFs, bonds, gold and silver, oil and currencies. Have a question? Send it to Nigam Arora.Since the market is at an inflection point, in addition to watching the chart of S&P 500 SPX, +0.01% , investors ought to consider the following:\u2022 In the long term, the single best determinant of stock prices is earnings.\u2022 Earnings growth is slowing. This poses serious headwinds.\u2022 Keep an eye on Micron Technology MU, -1.19% earnings.\u2022 Investors ought to consider following a proven model that has performed well in both bull and bear markets and that includes not only technical analysis but also fundamental analysis, macro and quantitative analysis.\u2022 Keep an eye on price action of popular tech stocks such as Apple AAPL, +1.04% , Amazon AMZN, -0.05% , Facebook FB, +0.02% and AMD AMD, -1.73% .\u2022 Keep an eye on price action in recent momo (momentum) darlings such as Broadcom AVGO, -0.35% , Zscaler ZS, +0.31% , Etsy ETSY, -1.13% and MongoDB MDB, +0.11% .\u2022 Keep an eye on money flows, especially smart money flows. Please see \u201cThe \u2018smart money\u2019 prefers Alibaba over Amazon, Intel over AMD, and Google over Apple.\u201dDisclosure: Subscribers to The Arora Report may have positions in the securities mentioned in this article or may take positions at any time. Nigam Arora is an investor, engineer and nuclear physicist by background who has founded two Inc. 500 fastest-growing companies. He is the founder of The Arora Report, which publishes four newsletters. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com.", "title": "Opinion: With stocks at an inflection point, it\u2019s time to look at the world like a technical analyst"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apples-stock-rallies-after-needham-upgrade-to-strong-buy-bucking-broader-market-weakness-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 8:22 a.m. ET", "article": "Shares of Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.97% rose 0.7% in premarket trade Thursday, bucking the weakness seen in the broader stock market, after analyst Laura Martin at Needham upgraded Apple ahead of the company's press event next week. Martin raised her rating to strong buy, after being at buy for the past two years, and boosted her price target to $225 from $180. Martin said the expected announcement of a new content service should lower churn, which she believes is the most important value driver for an ecosystem company, which Apple users believe the company is. \"The lower the churn, the higher the lifetime value per user,\" Martin wrote in a note to clients. Separately, Wedbush's Dan Ives reiterated his outperform rating but lifted his stock price target to $215 from $200, saying he views the long-awaited unveiling of Apple's new streaming video service as a \"pivotal step\" in further driving its services flywheel. While Apple's stock rose ahead of the open, futures NQM9, -0.15% for the tech-heavy Nasdaq 100 NDX, -0.09% fell 0.4% and futures YMM9, -0.07% for the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.04% shed 93 points, or 0.4%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple's stock rallies after Needham upgrade to 'strong buy,' bucking broader market weakness"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/domo-expands-its-data-science-solution-with-new-amazon-sagemaker-integration-2019-03-20-12184042": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "SILICON SLOPES, Utah, Mar 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SILICON SLOPES, Utah, March 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Domopalooza 2019 - March 20, 2019 - Today, Domo DOMO, -3.45% announced a new integration that combines the strength of Amazon SageMaker with the power of the Domo platform to make it easier for customers to leverage their machine learning models and deliver more accurate and actionable predictions across the business from their real-time data in Domo.Amazon SageMaker is a fully managed machine learning service from Amazon Web Services (AWS). With Amazon SageMaker, data scientists and developers can quickly build, train, and host machine learning models, and then directly deploy them into a production-ready hosted environment. Domo is a fully integrated cloud platform that digitally connects data, systems and people from across an entire organization to transform the way business is managed.\"As customers push digital transformation deeper across their business using Domo, data science, machine learning and artificial intelligence can help drive better insights and more value from their data, by putting machines to work at a speed and scale that is not humanly possible,\" said Jay Heglar, chief strategy officer, Domo.Until today, there was no easy way for Domo customers to maximize their investments in third-party data science tools for the data they use to run their business in Domo. With this new integration, machine learning models built in Amazon SageMaker can be directly applied to data in the Domo pipeline. Because data in Domo is automatically updated, predictions are retrieved on datasets that are always current, helping deliver more accurate predictions.\"Domo is designed to work seamlessly with customers' existing technology,\" continued Heglar. \"Amazon SageMaker is a leading machine learning service and we're thrilled to make it easy for Domo customers to leverage this power on the data they've brought into Domo.\"Because Domo is always-on and available on any device through a mobile app or any browser, predictions are easily shared with decision makers anywhere in the business, leveraging Domo's native collection of more than 300 visualization options and mobile-first design.AvailabilityThis new capability is part of Domo's Data Science Suite and scripting package and will be available initially through a limited early adopter program. Full general availability will be later this year.About DomoDomo's mission is to be the operating system for business, digitally connecting all your people, your data and your systems, empowering them to collaborate better, make better decisions and be more efficient, right from their phones. Domo works with many of the world's leading and most progressive brands across multiple industries including retail, media and entertainment, manufacturing, finance and more. For more information about Domo DOMO, -3.45% visit www.domo.com. You can also follow Domo on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn.Domo and Domopalooza are registered trademarks of Domo, Inc.Media Contact\nDomo, Inc.\nPR@domo.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Domo Expands Its Data Science Solution With New Amazon SageMaker Integration"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/warren-buffett-reminisces-about-buying-first-stock-at-11-i-had-become-a-capitalist-and-it-felt-good-2019-02-23": {"date": "Feb 24, 2019 1:06 p.m. ET", "article": "The Oracle of Omaha was once a nervous rookie.At the tender age of 11, Warren Buffett took the biggest gamble of his young life, spending all of the money he had saved since age 6 \u2014 $114.75 \u2014 on three shares of Cities Service preferred stock.\u201cI went all in,\u201d Buffett wrote in his annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.04%  shareholders on Saturday.\u201cI had become a capitalist, and it felt good,\u201d Buffett recalled in the letter. The event was apparently so monumental for the future investing icon that he remembers the exact day: March 11, 1942.See also: Why Warren Buffett\u2019s annual letter may not be all happy newsAt the time, America \u201cfaced a crisis,\u201d Buffett noted, as losses mounted in the war the country had joined just three months prior. But America of course prevailed, and entered a period of post-war prosperity just a few years later.Buffett\u2019s letter offered some investing lessons along with the history class.\u201cIf my $114.75 had been invested in a no-fee S&P 500 SPX, +0.07%   index fund, and all dividends had been reinvested, my stake would have grown to be worth (pre-taxes) $606,811 on January 31, 2019 (the latest data available before the printing of this letter),\u201d Buffett wrote.\u201cMeanwhile, a $1 million investment by a tax-free institution of that time \u2014 say, a pension fund or college endowment \u2014 would have grown to about $5.3 billion.\u201dBuffett\u2019s business acumen flourished fast. At 13, he transformed his paper route into a lucrative business and enrolled at age 16 at the University of Pennsylvania\u2019s Wharton School to study business. Parents who want their kids to follow in Buffett\u2019s footsteps should get started early: even toddlers understand how money works, and experts say it\u2019s best to teach children how to handle money as soon as possible.Today Buffett\u2019s empire includes sizeable stakes in American Express AXP, +0.15%  , AAPL, +1.19%   Coca-Cola KO, -0.09%  , Bank of America BAC, +0.48%   and Wells Fargo WFC, +0.12% WFC, +0.12% Berkshire Hathaway also owns chunk of Kraft Heinz KHC, -0.36% and that company\u2019s disappointing results cost Buffett some $4.4 billion on Friday.Berkshire Hathaway \u201cA\u201d Class shares have been down .66% over the past 12 months, compared to a 2.85 % gain for the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.18%   and a 1.65% rise for the S&P 500 SPX, +0.07%  .", "title": "Warren Buffett reminisces about buying first stock at 11 \u2014 \u2018I had become a capitalist, and it felt good\u2019"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/introducing-apple-card-a-new-kind-of-credit-card-created-by-apple-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 1:39 p.m. ET", "article": "Apple\u00ae today announced Apple Card\u2122, an innovative, new kind of credit card created by Apple and designed to help customers lead a healthier financial life. Apple Card is built into the Apple Wallet\u2122 app on iPhone\u00ae, offering customers a familiar experience with Apple Pay\u00ae and the ability to manage their card right on iPhone. Apple Card transforms the entire credit card experience by simplifying the application process, eliminating fees, encouraging customers to pay less interest and providing a new level of privacy and security. Available in the US this summer, Apple Card also offers a clearer and more compelling rewards program than other credit cards with Daily Cash, which gives back a percentage of every purchase as cash on customers\u2019 Apple Cash\u2122 card each day.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005673/en/\u201cApple Card builds on the tremendous success of Apple Pay and delivers new experiences only possible with the power of iPhone,\u201d said Jennifer Bailey, Apple\u2019s vice president of Apple Pay. \u201cApple Card is designed to help customers lead a healthier financial life, which starts with a better understanding of their spending so they can make smarter choices with their money, transparency to help them understand how much it will cost if they want to pay over time and ways to help them pay down their balance.\u201dA Credit Card Designed for iPhoneCustomers can sign up for Apple Card in the Wallet app on their iPhone in minutes and start using it with Apple Pay right away in stores, in apps or online worldwide. Apple Card gives customers easy-to-understand, real-time views of their latest transactions and balance right in Wallet, and Apple Card support is available 24/7 by simply sending a text from Messages.Easy-to-Understand SpendingApple Card uses machine learning and Apple Maps to clearly label transactions with merchant names and locations. Purchases are automatically totaled and organized by color-coded categories such as Food and Drinks, Shopping and Entertainment. To help customers better understand their spending, Apple Card provides weekly and monthly spending summaries.Receive Daily CashCustomers will receive a percentage of every Apple Card purchase amount back as Daily Cash. Unlike other cash back rewards, Daily Cash is added to customers\u2019 Apple Cash card each day and can be used right away for purchases using Apple Pay, to put toward their Apple Card balance or send to friends and family in Messages. Every time customers use Apple Card with Apple Pay, they will receive 2 percent Daily Cash. Customers will also get 3 percent Daily Cash on all purchases made directly with Apple, including at Apple Stores, on the App Store\u00ae and for Apple services.No Fees and Lower InterestThere are no fees associated with Apple Card: no annual, late, international or over-the-limit fees. Apple Card\u2019s goal is to provide interest rates that are among the lowest in the industry and if a customer misses a payment, they will not be charged a penalty rate. [1]To help customers make informed choices, Apple Card shows a range of payment options and calculates the interest cost on different payment amounts in real time. As a way to pay less interest, Apple Card will also suggest paying a bit more every month and offers the flexibility to schedule more frequent payments.A New Level of Privacy and SecurityA unique card number is created on iPhone for Apple Card and stored safely in the device\u2019s Secure Element, a special security chip used by Apple Pay. Every purchase is secure because it is authorized with Face ID\u00ae or Touch ID\u00ae and a one-time unique dynamic security code. The unique security and privacy architecture created for Apple Card means Apple doesn\u2019t know where a customer shopped, what they bought or how much they paid.Goldman Sachs and MastercardApple is partnering with Goldman Sachs and Mastercard to provide the support of an issuing bank and global payments network. As a newcomer to consumer financial services, Goldman Sachs is creating a different credit card experience centered around the customer, which includes never sharing or selling data to third parties for marketing and advertising. Mastercard will provide cardholders the ability to shop at merchants around the globe.\u201cSimplicity, transparency and privacy are at the core of our consumer product development philosophy,\u201d said David M. Solomon, chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs. \u201cWe\u2019re thrilled to partner with Apple on Apple Card, which helps customers take control of their financial lives.\u201d\u201cWe are excited to be the global payments network for Apple Card, providing customers with fast and secure transactions around the world,\u201d said Ajay Banga, president and CEO of Mastercard.A Beautiful Titanium CardApple has also designed a titanium Apple Card for shopping at locations where Apple Pay is not accepted yet. With no card number, CVV security code, expiration date or signature on the card, Apple Card is more secure than any other physical credit card. All this information is easily accessible in Wallet to use in apps and on websites. For purchases made with the titanium Apple Card, customers will get 1 percent Daily Cash.AvailabilityUS customers can now sign up for the latest news about Apple Card on apple.com/apple-card. Apple Card will be available to qualified customers in the US this summer.[1] Late or missed payments will result in additional interest accumulating toward the customer\u2019s balance.Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple\u2019s four software platforms \u2014 iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS \u2014 provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple\u2019s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple Newsroom (www.apple.com/newsroom), or call Apple\u2019s Media Helpline at (408) 974-2042.\u00a9 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Card, Apple Wallet, iPhone, Apple Pay, Apple Cash, Apple Store, App Store, Face ID and Touch ID are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005673/en/SOURCE: Apple Inc.Apple\nHannah Wong, (408) 974-7077\nhannahw@apple.com\nApple Media Helpline, (408) 974-2042\nmedia.help@apple.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Introducing Apple Card, a New Kind of Credit Card Created by Apple"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apples-stock-falls-03-after-being-up-as-much-as-22-at-intraday-high-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 2:48 p.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-leaves-a-lot-of-questions-about-its-subscription-services-unanswered-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 6:56 a.m. ET", "article": "Apple Inc.\u2019s celebrity-laden product launch Monday unveiled new services for reading news, playing videogames, watching TV shows and a new credit card to pay for all of it, but left too many questions for elicit excitement from consumers or investors.Apple AAPL, +1.16%  unveiled four new offerings Monday for its growing services business, a big area of focus for the company amid a slowdown in iPhone sales: a media service for reading news, a streaming video service, a streaming videogame service and an Apple Pay-connected credit card with no fees. Yet Apple offered a price for only one of the new subscription offerings, the News+ app at $9.99 a month, and even that service left some questions about content unanswered.These efforts are either re-dos of prior efforts by Apple \u2014 such as News+ (hello again, Apple Newstand?) \u2014 or forays into extremely competitive markets, such as original video content, videogame streaming and fee-less credit cards. If anyone needs a reminder of how competitive and costly some of these arenas can be, just take a look at Netflix Inc.\u2019s NFLX, +0.18%  negative cash flow and its high content costs, and the host of growing entrants into videogame streaming, including news last week from Alphabet Inc.\u2019s GOOG, -0.30%  Google and its Stadia service.Don\u2019t miss: Apple details new subscription servicesThe most innovative and potentially lucrative unveiling was Apple\u2019s new credit card, produced in conjunction with Goldman Sachs GS, -0.52%  , which sounds like it may be a good deal and is designed to encourage more use of its payments system, Apple Pay. But that too is an extremely competitive market, with similar credit cards that have even broader user bases, while Apple is limiting its card use to iPhone users with Apple Pay.\u201cBecause this card is so integrated with Apple Pay, you need to be an iPhone user to maximize your benefits,\u201d said Ted Rossman, an analyst at CreditCards.com, in an email. \u201cThat sounds obvious, but at a time when Apple\u2019s phone market share is declining (from 18% in Q4 2017 to 16% in Q4 2018), it\u2019s a bit surprising to see Apple doubling down here. By contrast, you don\u2019t need to use Uber to get high-end cash back from the Uber Visa Card (notably: 4% at restaurants). Apple could have made a similar push for a broader customer base but did not.\u201dThe news that packed the most punch during a nearly two-hour product launch at Steve Jobs Theater in Cupertino, Calif., was Apple TV+, its video streaming service, and some of the hints it offered. Apple trotted out celebrities, ranging from actors Reese Witherspoon, Jennifer Aniston and Steve Carell to promote their upcoming drama series \u201cThe Morning Show,\u201d about a network morning-news show; to director Steven Spielberg and a revival of his 1980s TV series \u201cAmazing Stories\u201d; to Oprah Winfrey touting a new book club and two documentaries in the works.Read also: Apple earnings were saved by the company\u2019s new MVP\u201cWe believe Apple\u2019s goal here is to be a major distribution platform for content, with 1.4 billion active iOS devices worldwide, and with the theme of family and a safer viewing platform, Cupertino is trying to differentiate itself versus competitors and flex its Apple-brand muscles to get more consumers on this \u2018trustworthy\u2019 platform,\u201d said Dan Ives, a Wedbush Securities analyst, in a note to clients.However, there were no clips of the actual shows that Apple is promising, and even with star power behind its original series, Apple needs streaming rights to tons of other content to be a true competitor to Netflix and Amazon.com Inc.\u2019s AMZN, -0.16%  Prime Video service. The high cost of producing or acquiring content may also end up countering any additional revenue gleaned from the service and hardware sales. Apple\u2019s Arcade videogame service was missing any big-name partners \u2014 such as Electronic Arts Inc . EA, -0.92% , Activision Blizzard Inc. ATVI, -0.59%  , Take-Two Interactive Inc. TTWO, -1.32%  or even old pal Nintendo Co. Ltd. 7974, -1.72%   \u2014 that would help drive adoption by gamers.More from Therese: Google and Nvidia display competing views of the future of streaming videogamesThe partners Apple does have, and the content they will provide, were in question even after Apple executives announced it on stage. The News+ app seemed to offer a great deal on content from The Wall Street Journal, for example, but hours after the event ended Monday, nobody seemed absolutely sure if News+ subscribers would receive access to all of the WSJ\u2019s content \u2014 which typically costs hundreds of dollars a year \u2014 for the $9.99-a-month price.A statement on the Dow Jones website by CEO and Publisher William Lewis said the content for Apple would be a \u201cspecially curated collection of general interest news from The Wall Street Journal,\u201d a message that was seemingly repeated in a later interview. Yet journalists were still reporting Monday evening that the full Journal slate would be available on Apple News for the standard subscription price, and the Journal itself published an article Monday night saying that \u201cthe paper\u2019s entire slate of business and financial news will also be searchable within the app,\u201d citing \u201cpeople familiar with the situation.\u201d Officials at Dow Jones, which also owns MarketWatch, and Apple did not respond to questions Monday afternoon about what exactly the Apple News+ version of The Wall Street Journal will include.While the question of whether the Journal will offer all of its news to Apple News+ subscribers will prove to be minor for Apple\u2019s financial success in the future, the confusion and lack of response is emblematic of an inauspicious start to Apple\u2019s big push to take more money out of consumers\u2019 pockets every month. Without complete information on pricing and the content that they will receive, it will be hard for any consumers who aren\u2019t already superfans of Apple to be excited about these services.Investors, who sent Apple stock down 1.2% in Monday\u2019s session, will also need much more information to know if the subscriptions will boost Apple\u2019s revenue and profit enough to make a difference. While these \u201cPlus\u201d services are clearly Apple\u2019s new direction, nothing said on Monday promises to add significantly to Apple\u2019s massive cash pile, and could be a net negative, at least in the short term.Want this type of analysis sent to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free MarketWatch First Takes newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Opinion: Apple leaves a lot of questions about its subscription services unanswered"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/if-stock-prices-reflect-fundamentals-why-are-they-so-volatile-and-other-awkward-questions-for-your-financial-adviser-2018-10-14": {"date": "Feb 24, 2019 1:06 p.m. ET", "article": "Financial advisers can do a lot of good.They can stop you making stupid decisions. They can stop you panicking. They can pressure you to budget better, get the right insurance, make and stick to longer-term plans, and do important things like keeping an up-to-date will. At their best, they\u2019re both a trusted counselor and a personal trainer. Yes, they can also help you with investing.But only up to a point.Earlier in my career I took a series of postgraduate finance courses at several U.S. colleges, of the kind that is standard for most of the qualified financial planners working today. I was partly interested in what I would learn about finance. But I was also interested in what I would learn about planning and about planners. The industry is a key factor in moving markets.The good news: Financial planners are all taught sound financial theory based roughly upon something called the Efficient Market Hypothesis and something else called the Capital Asset Pricing Model.Don\u2019t miss: At a time of market volatility, beware of rogue advisers who play on your fearsThe bad news? They are all taught financial theory based roughly upon the Efficient Market Hypothesis and the Capital Asset Pricing Model.To put it simplistically, your planner has been taught that it is impossible, or next to impossible, to beat the stock indexes because stock prices are so good at reflecting all the fundamentals. And, also putting it simplistically, he or she has been taught that history tells you the likely returns and risks from each asset class, and that the \u201criskier\u201d the asset the higher the return.Sounds good, right?Well, yes, OK. It\u2019s not crazy and it mostly works most of the time.But as the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.17%  takes a roller coaster ride these last few months, and you dial up your financial adviser for some calming words, here are 10 things he or she didn\u2019t learn in school and may have trouble explaining.1. If stock prices reflect fundamentals so well, why are they so volatile? Why did the S&P SPX, +0.07%  index double between 1995 and 1998, and again between 2010 and 2014, and halve between 2000 and 2002, and again from 2007 to 2009? Did the true, underlying value of U.S. industry really double, halve, double and then halve again during those short periods?2. U.S. stocks sport a notably higher \u201caverage historic return\u201d today than they did nine years ago, as well as notably lower historic volatility. That\u2019s because during that time the S&P 500 has trebled in price. Does this mean stocks today are a more attractive investment, at three times the price, than they were then?3. If you can\u2019t beat the market, how did Berkshire Hathaway\u2019s BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.05%  Warren Buffett do it? What about Sir John Templeton? Julian Robertson? George Soros?4. Does gold have a value? If so, why? If not, why is it trading at $1,200 an ounce?Also see: How investment apps coach their customers through a volatile market5. The U.S. accounts for less than a third of the global economy. So why should I have most of my stock portfolio in U.S. stocks? On what basis do you believe stocks in countries like Britain, Germany, Japan, Australia or Singapore are \u201criskier\u201d than the U.S.?6. Why are emerging market bonds considered to be \u201criskier\u201d than, say, high yield U.S. debt, even though U.S. corporations have defaulted at similar or even higher rates?7. If U.S. Treasury bonds are \u201clow return,\u201d why have they produced much better returns than stocks during several long periods, including from 2000 through 2015? And if they are also are \u201clow risk,\u201d why did their owners actually lose money in real terms during most of the 1960s and 1970s?8. Should we expect similar annual returns from 10-year Treasuries today, when they yield 3.1%, as people got in the past, when 10-year Treasuries yielded 6% or 10% or even more? If so, how? If not, how useful is their historic return and risk data?Want news about Europe delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Europe Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "\u2018If you can\u2019t beat the market, how did Warren Buffett do it?\u2019 and 7 other questions to ask during a tumultuous market"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/hudson-yards-offers-shoppers-a-look-at-the-mall-of-the-future-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 8:35 a.m. ET", "article": "The Shops & Restaurants at Hudson Yards on Manhattan\u2019s west side, which opened Friday at noon, is seven stories of curated shops and dining that represents what malls of the future will look like, according to retail experts.Filling one million square feet, it\u2019s comprised of more than 100 stores and restaurants from top names like department store anchor Neiman Marcus, David Chang\u2019s Momofoku, Van Cleef & Arpels and the Thomas Keller Restaurant Group.In addition, there are brands that many shoppers will recognize from e-commerce, but aren\u2019t known for having a bricks-and-mortar presence, like shoe seller M. Gemi.\u201cI call it vertical hospitality,\u201d said Kenneth Himmel, chief executive of Related Urban, the real-estate firm behind the project. Oxford Properties Group worked alongside Related Urban. Himmel and fellow executives from Related Urban hosted a media tour before Friday\u2019s opening, emphasizing how selective and specific the process was.Don\u2019t miss: New York\u2019s megadevelopment Hudson Yards opens this weekend \u2014 and it\u2019s not getting rave reviewsStores were purposely placed in certain spots. Sight lines and escalator placement was deliberate. Restaurant differentiation through menus and interior design was intentional.At one point, Himmel zeroed in on an unoccupied space, stating they were \u201cholding out\u201d for an Italian restaurant, which would add the necessary amount of variety.Read: Badgley Mischka\u2019s James Mischka on the state of the luxury market \u2014 and what he won\u2019t spend money on\u201cIt\u2019s a subtle, thoughtful layout with things you won\u2019t find elsewhere,\u201d Himmel said.That same care was taken at Neiman Marcus, where fitting rooms, beauty services, event areas, and dining spaces were created with experience in mind. This is the first Neiman Marcus in New York City and the company\u2019s fifth largest store.Put simply, The Shops & Restaurants at Hudson Yards is a mall. In addition to the aforementioned luxury names, there\u2019s also an Athleta and a Banana Republic (both Gap Inc. GPS, +0.79% brands), a Zara and an H&M HMB, +1.59% . There\u2019s also a Shake Shack SHAK, +1.20% and a Sephora MC, +0.26% .See: Even Shake Shack is trying a four-day workweekBut the mix of stores and restaurants and the rare, fashion-forward brands that will be available speaks to its placement in New York City, a world city with a range of demographics to serve, including heavy tourist traffic.Hudson Yards also has thousands of workers and residents who will be in the neighborhood daily. The Shops & Restaurants component of the megadevelopment emphasizes change, with varying lease terms for occupants, so there\u2019s a freshness built in for frequent visitors.See: Old Navy and Athleta get their chance to shine with Gap splitThe mall of the futureAll of the talk of the \u201cretail apocalypse\u201d and the death of the mall made plain that bored shoppers are looking for an experience beyond the traditional one. Many are turning to the convenience of e-commerce, especially Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.41% and its Prime program.The Shops & Restaurants at Hudson Yards is the blueprint for what\u2019s next for malls.\u201cRather than a rectangle that\u2019s a shopping prison, it\u2019s a new concept,\u201d said Maya Mikhailov, co-founder of GPShopper, a Synchrony company. This concept includes living and working spaces, a hotel, and entertainment.And the shift isn\u2019t restricted to the mall. Brands have to rethink how they\u2019re approaching their stores, Mikhailov said, moving more toward \u201cconcept stores or experience centers versus inventory lockers.\u201dA store should provide an opportunity for shoppers to \u201ctake a walk inside of a brand,\u201d she said.\u201cIt\u2019s about creating a feeling within a shopper. For this trend in retail, this type of shopping center is perfect,\u201d Mikhailov said.Shoppers still like storesAbout 80% of shopping is still done in stores.A study from Axios and SurveyMonkey published in January found that 71% of people with household incomes below $50,000 prefer to buy things in a physical store. More than half (54%) of those with household incomes above $100,000 prefer shopping in stores.Malls are adding businesses like gyms and medical offices in the place of vacated store space as they refresh to drive traffic.According to Stephanie Cegielski, the vice president of public relations at the International Council of Shopping Centers, the national occupancy average at malls is just under 93%. There isn\u2019t a lot of mall development, but that\u2019s OK, Cegielski said.\u201cThere are enough malls, but what we\u2019re seeing is reinvestment in those properties,\u201d she said. Adding mix-use space, such as outdoor areas, and new construction provide the necessary revamp without adding to an already saturated market.Brand new malls are taking another route entirely.\u201cThe internet has made an impact on retail, but not in the way people initially thought,\u201d said Meredith Roy, president of Charterhouse Development, a commercial real estate and investment company. Rather than just being a place to shop, malls have to fit into shoppers\u2019 lives.\u201cIt\u2019s part of your day-to-day experience rather than just an errand,\u201d said Roy. \u201cIt used to be a commodity experience whereas now it\u2019s a full-on entertainment experience.\u201dTo accomplish that, developers like Charterhouse and Related must give thought to the local economy and population.\u201cThe burden is on the developer and landlord with a plan in mind that\u2019s more than just sticking stores in a space,\u201d said Roy. \u201cIt needs to be planned before construction has begun and you start approaching retailers.\u201dMalls emphasize their strengthsBesides selectively choosing retailers, merchandise and experiences, Scott Webb, president of digital commerce and marketing solutions company Avionos, said malls and their occupants are also starting to play up their strengths: customers get products the same day, convenient returns and exchanges, and a local experience worth going out for.It also gives brands the chance to control how shoppers come in contact with a brand.\u201cIt\u2019s about owning that relationship,\u201d said Scott Webb, president of Avionos, a digital commerce and marketing solutions company. \u201cThis hits e-commerce in the soft spot. All innovation over the past couple of years has been about closing the last mile, free shipping and returns\u2026. all the things that traditional retail does better.\u201dThis mall transformation isn\u2019t just happening in New York. Other examples include Brickell City Centre in Miami and the coming Lincoln Yards in Chicago.Still, Webb called the Hudson Yards shopping development \u201can important case study that other markets will look to follow.\u201d", "title": "Hudson Yards offers shoppers a look at the mall of the future"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/to-fix-the-tech-industry-learn-from-how-we-treat-the-car-industry-2019-03-22": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 10:49 a.m. ET", "article": "As the computing industry grapples with its role in society, many people, both in the field and outside it, are talking about a crisis of ethics.There is a massive rush to hire chief ethics officers, retool codes of professional ethics and teach ethics to students. But as a scholar of computing \u2014 and a teacher of a course on computing, ethics and society at Rice University \u2014 I am skeptical of the assumptions that what ails technology is a lack of ethics, and that the best fix is to teach technologists about ethics.Instead, in my view, the solution is government action, which aims at balancing regulation, ethics and markets. This isn\u2019t a radical new idea: It\u2019s how society treats cars and driving.Consider, for instance, the Ford Model T, the first mass-produced and mass-consumed automobile. Its debut in 1908 launched the automobile age, a time of great mobility \u2014 and widespread death. Car crashes kill more than a million people worldwide each year \u2014 but the fatality rate per mile driven has been dropping almost since the first Model T rolled off the assembly line.The reason for that improving safety record is not that people learning to drive studied the ethics of responsible and safe driving. Rather, they were taught, and tested on, the rules of the road, in order to obtain a driving license. Other regulations improved how roads were built, required car makers to adopt new safety features, mandated accident insurance, and outlawed drunk driving and other unsafe behaviors. I believe a similar approach \u2014 regulation, in addition to ethics education for technologists, as well as market competition \u2014 is needed today to make modern technology safe for society as a whole.In the 1980s, internet pioneers adopted a philosophy that \u201cinformation wants to be free\u201d \u2014 so website owners didn\u2019t charge readers for access to the content. Instead, internet companies used advertising to support their efforts. That led them to collect personal data on their users and offer micro-targeted advertising to make money, which social scientist Shoshana Zuboff calls \u201csurveillance capitalism.\u201dThis business model is enormously profitable, so it\u2019s unlikely internet companies will abandon it on their own as a result of ethical qualms. Even in the face of blistering critiques and Facebook\u2019s FB, +0.84%  Cambridge Analytica scandal, the massive profits are compelling.The real problem with surveillance capitalism is not that it is unethical \u2014 which I believe it is \u2014 but that it is completely legal in most countries. It is unreasonable to expect for-profit corporations to avoid profitable businesses that are legal. In my view, it is not enough to simply criticize internet companies\u2019 ethics. If society finds the surveillance business model offensive, then the remedy is not an ethical outrage, but making laws and regulations that govern it, or even prevent it altogether.Of course, public policy cannot be divorced from ethics. Selling human organs is banned in the U.S. in part because society finds it ethically repugnant to profit from life itself. But the ban is enforced by laws, not by a continuing ethics debate. As Chief Justice Earl Warren remarked: \u201cIn civilized life, law floats in a sea of ethics.\u201dFor decades, the information-technology industry has successfully lobbied against attempts to legislate or regulate it, arguing that \u201cregulation stifles innovation.\u201d Of course, that assumes all innovation is good. It has become evidently clear that this is not always the case: Some of the internet giants\u2019 innovation has harmed democratic society in the U.S. and around the world.In fact, one purpose of regulation is to chill certain kinds of innovation \u2014 specifically, those that the public finds wrong, distasteful or unhelpful to the advancement of society. Regulation can also encourage innovation in ways society deems beneficial. There is no question that regulations on the automobile industry encouraged innovation in safety and fuel efficiency.Some members of Congress have proposed a number of ambitious plans to tackle information warfare, consumer protection, competition in digital technology and the role of artificial intelligence in society. But much simpler \u2014 and more widely supported \u2014 rules could make a huge difference for individual customers and society as a whole.For instance, federal regulators could require software terms and licenses include plain language that\u2019s easily understood by anyone \u2014 perhaps modeled on the longstanding \u201cplain English rule\u201d for corporate financial filings to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Laws or rules could also require companies to disclose data breaches quickly, both to officials and the public at large. That might even spark innovation as firms increase their efforts to prevent and detect network intrusions and data theft. Another relatively easy opportunity would be to regulate automated judicial decision systems, including requiring that they not be deployed before passing an independent audit showing that they are fair and unbiased.Those straightforward regulations could pave the way for thinking and talking about whether and how to regulate the sizes of these big technology firms. But rule-making need not start with the hardest problems \u2014 there\u2019s plenty to do that most people would agree on right away.The bottom line is that technology advances have been moving very fast, while public policy has lagged behind. It is time for public policy to catch up with technology. If technology is driving the future, society should do the steering.Moshe Y. Vardi is a professor of computer science at Rice University. This was first published by The Conversation \u2014 \u201cCars are regulated for safety \u2013 why not information technology?\u201d", "title": "Opinion: To fix the tech industry, learn from how we treat the car industry"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/google-and-nvidia-display-competing-views-of-the-future-of-streaming-videogames-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 6:13 a.m. ET", "article": "At different ends of the Bay Area, the CEOs of two tech giants espoused different visions for a streaming future for videogames on Tuesday.Alphabet Inc.\u2019s GOOGL, -0.77% GOOG, -0.81%  Google made the bigger splash by far in unveiling a videogame streaming service called Stadia at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco. Google talked in broad strokes about a service that allows players to access games from a variety of devices without having to buy a console, high-end gaming PC or other expensive hardware \u2014 gamers instead play within the Chrome browser.In San Jose, Jensen Huang, co-founder and chief executive of Nvidia Corp. NVDA, -0.09%  , detailed the direction of his company\u2019s GeForce Now streaming service, which has been in beta for nearly two years now. Even in its early form, that service has 300,000 monthly active users with a waiting list of 1 million potential gamers, Huang said.Nvidia has been a major part of the videogame industry for decades, as the most prominent manufacturer of the graphics chips that have helped games grow from digital blobs moving slowly around a screen to cinematic adventures that have forever changed the idea of what entertainment can be. Huang discussed his thoughts on the future of streaming videogames during a question-and-answer session with reporters at Nvidia\u2019s annual GTC conference, where he announced new moves for GeForce Now.\u201cWe don\u2019t believe that \u2018Netflix of gaming\u2019 is the right approach, because we don\u2019t have a discovery problem for gaming,\u201d Huang said, explaining that the videogame industry is typically dominated by about five to 10 games at a time.Read: Why there may never be a Netflix of videogamesWhile Huang said he would address only his service, those remarks seemed to shed some light on his thoughts on Stadia, which appears to be an approach similar to Google\u2019s own Play Store and Apple\u2019s App Store \u2014 a marketplace connected to YouTube and other services that leads consumers to content, with the revenue split between Alphabet and the game publishers.\u201cThe store business model does not work great ... [and] I\u2019m not exactly sure how advertising works in there,\u201d Huang said. \u201cFor PC games, it hasn\u2019t proven to be that effective.\u201dIn summation, the seasoned videogame executive said, \u201cLeave the economics completely to the publishers, do not get in the way of their relationship with the gamer.\u201dGoogle not only appears to be trying to put itself between the publisher and the consumer, but is also becoming a publisher itself, announcing its own in-house videogame production unit led by a former Electronic Arts Inc. EA, -1.24%   executive. Google did not announce any partnerships with EA or top videogame publishers like Activision Blizzard Inc. ATVI, -1.42%  and Take Two on Tuesday. It did demonstrate \u201cAssassin\u2019s Creed Odyssey\u201d from Ubisoft Entertainment SA UBI, -0.09% , the same series that was featured in its Project Stream demonstration of the technology, and \u201cDoom\u201d publisher Id Software joined it on stage.Also see: Activision in talks with cloud providers for videogame streamingAs is typical, Google is betting on a future reality that executives believe will happen instead of building a service for the reality of today. That has served the company well in many of its gambits so far, and likely puts it on a similar path to rivals. Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.19%  is also believed to be working on a videogame streaming service, and already owns Twitch, which was an obvious target of Google\u2019s pairing of game streaming and YouTube. Apple is also working on its own \u201cNetflix for videogames,\u201d according to earlier reports, and is hosting an event next week in Cupertino, Calif., that could bring more details. Microsoft Corp., MSFT, -0.54%  , with its Xbox business hanging in the balance, also has its nascent Project X in the works.Colin Sebastian, an analyst with Robert W. Baird, wrote in a note that Google\u2019s streaming approach could bring more consumers into the gaming market.\u201cWhile more hard-core gamers don\u2019t have objections to high-priced hardware, we believe eliminating big-ticket console purchases should expand the videogame total available market, initially on the casual end of the spectrum, but over time to AAA titles,\u201d Sebastian said in a note to clients.Anyone who has dealt with the hard-core gaming community, though, knows how tough they can be on any company that does not satisfy their needs. Streaming services that attempt to attract new users without offering anything for the current core gamers will likely face a barrage of negativity and a rough early life that could doom it before it actually finds a new audience.Nvidia\u2019s approach also could expand the audience, as it seeks to offer high-end gaming on machines that don\u2019t have its high-end equipment. At GTC, Huang revealed this week that Nvidia is partnering with telecommunications companies in other countries, providing them with servers that can run its GeForce Now service \u2014 as a start, Japan\u2019s SoftBank 9984, +0.09%   and South Korea\u2019s LG 066570, +0.82%   plan to sell the service to their customers and split the revenue with Nvidia.Huang thinks that is the type of approach that could draw new gamers.\u201cThe [Geforce Now] service is probably for the billion PC consumers who don\u2019t have GeForces,\u201d referring to Nvidia\u2019s gaming cards.While that may be, Google appears to be building a service for those who don\u2019t even know what a GeForce is \u2014 those who watch other people play videogames on YouTube and want to try the games themselves. Stadia offers an easy way to access those games, likely at a cheap price and without the difficulty of signing up for a streaming service that has 1 million waiting just to try it and may require interacting with one\u2019s internet provider.While Huang defended how gamers want to play today, the news from Google could represent the future of where gaming is going, at least perhaps for the less hard-core gamers. The Netflix analogy is apt for gamers as well: Just as hard-core cinephiles still prefer to see many movies on the big screen while the larger, mainstream audience is at home streaming at their convenience, the same could be said for the serious gamers versus the casual enthusiasts.Neither approach feels perfect \u2014 Google may struggle to find support from hard-core gamers and the videogame industry, while Nvidia will likely struggle to move beyond its base of hard-core gamers. Don\u2019t worry, though, it feels like there will be a lot more offerings coming soon from other companies that believe they can create the long-expected but potentially impossible \u201cNetflix for games.\u201dWant this type of analysis sent to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free MarketWatch First Takes newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Google and Nvidia display competing views of the future of streaming videogames"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/warren-buffett-kraft-heinz-writedown-cost-berkshire-hathaway-big-in-2018-2019-02-24-12103011": {"date": "Feb 24, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "Buffett\u2019s annual letter to shareholders detailed a $25.4 billion loss in the fourth quarter of 2018. See full story.The nine-week win streak for the 122-year-old Dow industrials has produced equal parts wonderment and dread. See full story.But eliminating it would probably do more harm than good See full story.A video of the California senator\u2019s confrontation with child environmentalists has sparked internet ire. See full story.The former White House staffer speculates Cohen will \u201cshare the inner-workings of the Trump crime family\u201d and potentially hit Trump where it hurts most: his children. See full story.Regional differences remain in how we spend our time despite the increased homogenization of America. See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Midday Report newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Warren Buffett: Kraft Heinz writedown cost Berkshire Hathaway big in 2018"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/teikametrics-launches-hourly-bidding-algorithm-for-amazon-advertising-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 9:32 a.m. ET", "article": "Teikametrics, the leading Retail Optimization Platform (ROP) that helps brands and sellers optimize Amazon advertising campaigns, today announced the launch of its new hourly bidding solution for its best-in-class software-as-a-service (SaaS) product, Teikametrics Flywheel. The Flywheel platform is the world\u2019s first ROP technology to combine advertising data, transaction data, and cost of goods sold to algorithmically optimize for Amazon Advertising profitability.The announcement at Prosper Show, an annual industry conference for established Amazon sellers in Las Vegas, now means that Amazon sellers using Teikametrics Flywheel will see improved performance and profitability using a more dynamic and responsive bidding algorithm.The hourly bidding algorithm is powered by an econometrics and machine-learning data model that, for the first time, allows Amazon advertisers to automatically adjust bidding strategy quickly, minimize wasted ad spend, and adapt to changing marketplace dynamics. This powerful new capability takes advantage of Amazon\u2019s recent ad policy that allows for significantly reduced lag time in reporting advertising performance data.Being able to calculate the most profitable bid on an hourly basis allows Teikametrics\u2019 industry-leading ROP platform to proactively invest ad dollars where the algorithm predicts the highest return on investment. Keywords and ad groups with high traffic volumes and competitive auctions, such as consumer electronics, household items, and apparel, are among those that will benefit the most during the first few days of bidding, during which time wasted ad spend can be curtailed by up to 50 percent.Even sellers whose product keywords have fewer search activities and less dynamic ad data history will benefit substantially from Teikametrics\u2019 hourly bidding capability, which offers them access to up-to-the-moment information about advertising performance. With this new feature, Teikametrics\u2019 clients can also explore winning auctions and experiment with more aggressive bidding strategies to extract keyword performance information quickly.\u201cAmazon is quickly gaining ground on Facebook and Google as a leading online advertising channel,\u201d said Alasdair McLean-Foreman, CEO and founder of Teikametrics. \u201cIn a marketplace as dynamic and competitive as Amazon, reaction time is critical. Teikametrics' hourly bidding algorithm is the first solution to enable brands to react to statistically significant changes in their Amazon ads data with hourly granularity. This is another major milestone in our ongoing mission to help brands maximize profit on Amazon.\u201dTeikametrics has managed more than $6 billion in retail sales for Amazon sellers to date. More than 2,000 clients have generated an average of 34 percent more revenue at constant marketing efficiency within 60 days of deploying Teikametrics\u2019 ROP platform. Attendees at the Prosper Show are welcome to visit Teikametrics at booth 312 to learn more about its platform capabilities and users\u2019 success stories.About Teikametrics\nTeikametrics is the leading Retail Optimization Platform (ROP) that helps retailers, brands and agencies grow revenue and increase profitability on Amazon. Teikametrics optimizes billions of transactions for thousands of retailers around the world selling on Amazon and other marketplaces. Founded in 2013, Teikametrics uses proprietary econometrics and machine-learning data models packaged in a simple SaaS interface. The company combines best-in-class technology with deep domain expertise in selling on Amazon. Retailers and brands including Razer, Power Practical, Zipline Ski, and Mark Cuban\u2019s Brands are increasingly turning to Teikametrics to harness the full potential of selling and advertising on Amazon. For more information, visit www.teikametrics.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190318005443/en/SOURCE: Teikametrics\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@teikametricsDavid Wamsley\nRosebud Communications\ndave@rosebudpr.io\n+1 415-259-9104Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Teikametrics Launches Hourly Bidding Algorithm for Amazon Advertising"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-defeats-qualcomm-in-itc-patent-ruling-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 5:02 p.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-100-billion-club-saw-its-membership-double-overnight-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 4:10 p.m. ET", "article": "In a Reddit \u201cAsk Me Anything\u201d session last month, Daniel Ayon asked Bill Gates if being a billionaire has made him a happier person. The Microsoft MSFT, -0.07% co-founder offered up a rather blunt response: \u201cyes.\u201dGates must be positively glowing today.While he has yet to reclaim the title of world\u2019s richest man he lost in 2017, Gates, now a global philanthropist, did just manage to join Amazon\u2019 AMZN, -0.21% boss Jeff Bezos in the elite 12-figure club.According to Bloomberg, Gates\u2019s fortune, which hasn\u2019t seen these levels since the dot-com days, hit the $100 billion mark Tuesday, having added $9.5 billion this year. Bezos, however, has tacked on another $20.7 billion to reach $145.6 billion.It remains to be seen how long these two remain fixtures in the centibillionaire club, as Gates continues to give his money away to charity and Bezos is in the midst of a divorce that will undoubtedly take a toll on his financial picture.The quickening accumulation of wealth among the world\u2019s richest is indicative of the increasing divide between the rich and the poor, not only in the U.S. but around the world. As Bloomberg points out, France\u2019s Bernard Arnault is worth the equivalent of $86.2 billion, or about 3% of his country\u2019s economy, while Amancio Ortega\u2019s fortune represents 5% of Spain\u2019s gross domestic product.Overall, the combined net worth of those on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index has surged $505.8 billion this year to an aggregate $5.3 trillion.Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Tech Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Centibillionaire club welcomes newest member \u2014 he might not be there long"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/rent-the-runway-announces-125m-investment-in-largest-round-to-date-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 3:00 p.m. ET", "article": "Rent the Runway, Inc., the company that created dynamic ownership and clothing rental as an essential utility in women\u2019s lives with the world\u2019s first living closet, announced today a $125 million investment co-led by Franklin Templeton Investments and Bain Capital Ventures. In addition, funds and accounts advised by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. and Hamilton Lane Advisors, on behalf of New York State Common Retirement Fund, participated as new investors. All existing lead investors have re-invested in this round, reinforcing their belief in the success and continued growth potential of the business. J.P. Morgan acted as the sole placement agent on the deal.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190321005611/en/This funding round values the company at $1 billion.This financing is the largest funding round Rent the Runway has raised to date, and will bring total equity raised to approximately $337 million since inception, positioning the female-founded and female-led company to rapidly scale its disruptive and growing subscription business and proprietary reverse logistics technology.\u201cShared, dynamic ownership is a movement that Rent the Runway has pioneered over the last decade and we\u2019re excited to continue to lead the market and innovate our subscription service,\u201d said Jennifer Hyman, Co-Founder and CEO of Rent the Runway.The capital will enable Rent the Runway to dramatically accelerate its unique subscription service and continue to innovate its proprietary technology and infrastructure. Key areas of investment focus include:In tandem with the investment, Sara Araghi, Research Analyst and Portfolio Manager at Franklin Templeton, has been appointed to Rent the Runway\u2019s Board of Directors, making her the fifth woman on the Board.\"The apparel and accessories market is one of the largest consumer markets, and Rent the Runway is a truly disruptive force that will continue to create massive opportunities for consumers to live a more sustainable and cost-effective life,\u201d said Sara Araghi.\u201cRent the Runway has consistently demonstrated an ability to innovate and improve its customer experience and technology. We believe RTR is at the leading edge of driving change in the fashion industry as consumers shift to wanting access, not necessarily ownership, even in apparel,\u201d said Ashley Woodruff, Equity Research Analyst at T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.Rent the Runway answers the modern woman\u2019s desire for constant newness by offering a rotating wardrobe that is also a smart, sustainable choice. Recognized by CNBC as the 9th most disruptive company in the world and as one of Fast Company\u2019s Most Innovative Companies, Rent the Runway is changing the way women get dressed every day.About Rent the RunwayRent the Runway is transforming the way modern women get dressed and disrupting the $2.4 trillion global fashion industry by enabling women to rent, versus buy, clothing. Founded in 2009 with a vision to build the world\u2019s first living closet, RTR believes that women everywhere will soon have a subscription to fashion. By creating a new model of dynamic ownership, RTR has made apparel rental an indispensable utility while also empowering women to feel their best every day. RTR carries apparel, accessories and home decor from over 600 designer partners and has built in-house proprietary technology and a one-of-a-kind reverse logistics operation. RTR has five retail stores of the future, 11 million community members and employs nearly 1,800 people, all of whom have equal benefits across the organization, 93% of whom are female and/or non-white, with 80% of leaders who are women.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190321005611/en/SOURCE: Rent the RunwayPress\nRent the Runway\nGabby Cohen\nCommunications & Business Development\ngcohen@renttherunway.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Rent the Runway Announces $125M Investment in Largest Round To Date"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-introduces-a-90-kindle-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:07 a.m. ET", "article": "Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.29% launched a new Kindle on Wednesday. Priced at about $90, the e-reader includes a new front light, updated electronic ink and free three-month access to Kindle Unlimited, which allows users to read millions of titles. Amazon shares have rallied 17.3% in 2019 while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.10% has gained 13% for the period.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Amazon introduces a $90 Kindle"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/this-manchurian-candidate-is-trumps-best-hope-in-2020-mike-huckabee-says-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 2:41 p.m. ET", "article": "That\u2019s the former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee taking his place in a long line of voices from the right who continue to share their preoccupation with Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a freshman Democrat from New York.In an interview on Fox News early Thursday, the father of Trump\u2019s White House press secretary Sarah Sanders responded to host Brian Kilmeade\u2019s suggestion that AOC, as Ocasio-Cortez is known, has been directed by powerful \u201cforces\u201d from within the progressive camp. Specifically, he said he saw someone handing her questions during congressional hearings for Michael Cohen and Wilbur Ross.\u201cI know there has been some allegations that she was almost like the Manchurian Candidate \u2014 recruited, prepared,\u201d Huckabee said, referring to the famous 1959 novel by Richard Condon about a U.S. soldier captured and brainwashed to become a sleeper agent for the Communist Party. Film versions of the book starred Frank Sinatra in 1962 and Denzel Washington in 2004.Huckabee said he didn\u2019t know whether to believe those allegations, but he did give AOC some credit. \u201cThe point is that she got her voters out,\u201d he said.He\u2019s right about that.AOC, with a massive social-media presence that includes more than 3.6 million Twitter TWTR, +0.90% followers, has caused quite a stir on both sides of the aisle. She also managed to grab the latest cover of Time magazine, which hails her as a \u201cphenom\u201d and \u201cAmerica\u2019s lightning rod.\u201dHuckabee\u2019s not buying the hype, however. \u201cIt\u2019s amazing how big a deal she has become \u2014 to be a 29-year-old with no major accomplishments to her credit other than making really bizarre policy pronouncements about the [sic] \u2018New Green Deal\u2019 and getting rid of the Amazon jobs in New York,\u201d he said.Critics blame the congresswoman for her role in Amazon\u2019s AMZN, -0.16% decision to scrap plans for a Long Island City, Queens, hub, which was expected to create at least 25,000 jobs. New York had offered the company $3 billion in incentives for the project. Ocasio-Cortez, who had no formal role in approving the project, contended that the money would be better spent on community improvements, like affordable housing, public transit and schools.Watch the full segment, which begins at the 39:24 mark:", "title": "\u2018Manchurian Candidate\u2019 Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is President Trump\u2019s best hope in 2020, Mike Huckabee says"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/sisense-accelerates-cloud-analytics-with-amazon-web-services-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 9:05 a.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Sisense, disrupting the business intelligence (BI) market by simplifying business analytics for complex data, today announced the release of its new Elastic Data Hub, a unique offering in the BI space that allows organizations to easily connect and mashup live, real-time data with cached in-memory data on the same dashboard. This breakthrough offering leverages Sisense powerful, live data connector with Amazon Redshift from Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), a fast and powerful, fully managed, petabyte-scale data warehouse service in the cloud.\"Customers are moving to AWS to improve their analytics agility and discover new business insights,\" said Ken Chestnut, Senior Manager, AWS. \"Sisense Elastic Data Hub enables customers to analyze and combine on-premises legacy data, cloud applications data with the powerful capabilities of Amazon Redshift.\"\"Sisense and AWS have helped us provide real-time analytics, by providing insight across all of our data,\" said Praveer Kumar, Co-founder/CTO of Finxera. \"The Sisense Elastic Data Hub capability has made it easy to have a live view into our data in Amazon Redshift, and the flexibility to add other data sources to have a consolidated view across our data.\"Sisense makes it possible for customers to continue to use existing, on-premises data assets and cloud applications data sets while taking advantage of new investments in modernizing their analytics posture on AWS. Sisense eradicates external data silos by providing a single BI platform for all data sources regardless of where data is stored.\"Sisense leverages Amazon Redshift to deliver a complete solution for analytics with capabilities to combine, manage, and analyze data faster,\" said Amir Orad, Chief Executive Officer of Sisense. \"This new functionality will continue to pay dividends for clients moving to Amazon Redshift by helping them take advantage of new sources of data. Teams can easily create cached high-performance data models in Sisense that can be analyzed alongside live data from Amazon Redshift until on-premises data is migrated, speeding up time to insights and helping reduce management overhead.\"Click to learn more about this new Sisense functionality, or the Sisense Amazon Redshift integration.About SisenseSisense takes a radically different approach to business analytics. The company's obsessive commitment to consistent product innovation and customer success enable organizations to instantly reveal insights from complex data. It's BI for everyone, everywhere regardless of technical expertise. Sisense's agility allows business users with no technical background to get the accurate intelligence they need at the very moment it is needed without waiting hours, days or even weeks for answers. Sisense provides a complete business platform to prepare, analyze and visualize large, volumes and varieties of data. Its unique In-Chip [\u00ae] and Single Stack [\u00ae] technologies simplify every step of the BI process \u2013 from data preparation to discovery of insights. From innovative startups to global brands like GE, Wix, Nasdaq and Philips, thousands of organizations worldwide embed Sisense in their everyday business to reveal instant insights.View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sisense-accelerates-cloud-analytics-with-amazon-web-services-300813875.htmlSOURCE SisenseCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Sisense Accelerates Cloud Analytics with Amazon Web Services"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/gds-announces-launch-of-proposed-public-offering-of-adss-2019-03-13-1718427": {"date": "Mar 13, 2019 5:02 p.m. ET", "article": "SHANGHAI, China, Mar 13, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SHANGHAI, China, March 13, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- GDS Holdings Limited (\"GDS\" or the \"Company\") GDS, +1.30% today announced that it intends to offer and sell American Depositary Shares (\"ADSs\"), each representing eight of its Class A ordinary shares, with an aggregate public offering price of US$400,000,000, subject to market and other conditions, in an underwritten public offering. The underwriters will have a 30-day option to purchase additional ADSs representing an aggregate public offering price of US$60,000,000 from GDS. GDS expects to use the net proceeds from the proposed offering in connection with the development and acquisition of new data centers and for other general corporate purposes.J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the proposed offering.The securities described above are being offered by GDS pursuant to a shelf registration statement filed by GDS with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the \"SEC\") that automatically became effective as of January 23, 2018. The offering is being made only by means of an effective shelf registration statement, including a preliminary prospectus supplement and final prospectus, which was or will be filed with the SEC and available on the SEC's website located at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the final prospectus relating to this offering, when available, may be obtained from: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at 866-803-9204 or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Prospectus Department, Cynthia Simmons, 2nd Floor, 180 Varick Street, New York, NY, 10014, United States of America, or by calling 1-917-606-8487, or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; or RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10281-8098, or by telephone at (877) 822-4089 or by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com.This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any offer or sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.About GDSGDS Holdings Limited GDS, +1.30% is a leading developer and operator of high-performance data centers in China. The Company's facilities are strategically located in China's primary economic hubs where demand for high-performance data center services is concentrated. The Company's data centers have large net floor area, high power capacity, density and efficiency, and multiple redundancy across all critical systems. GDS is carrier and cloud neutral, which enables customers to connect directly to all major PRC telecommunications carriers and to the largest PRC and global cloud service providers hosted by GDS in many of its facilities. The Company has an 18-year track record of service delivery, successfully fulfilling the requirements of some of the largest and most demanding customers for outsourced data center services in China. The Company's base of customers consists predominantly of hyper-scale cloud service providers, large internet companies, financial institutions, telecommunications and IT service providers, and large domestic private sector and multinational corporations.Safe HarborThis news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as \"will,\" \"expects,\" \"anticipates,\" \"future,\" \"intends,\" \"plans,\" \"believes,\" \"estimates,\" \"target,\" \"going forward,\" \"outlook\" and similar statements. Such statements are based upon management's current expectations and current market and operating conditions, and relate to events that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company's control, which may cause the Company's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Further information regarding these and other risks, uncertainties or factors is included in the Company's filings with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under law.For investor and media inquiries, please contact:\n\nGDS Holdings Limited\nLaura Chen\nPhone: +86 (21) 2033-0295\nEmail: ir@gds-services.comThe Piacente Group, Inc.\nBrandi Piacente\nPhone: +1 (212) 481-2050\nEmail: GDS@tpg-ir.comRoss Warner\nPhone: +86 (10) 5730-6200\nEmail: GDS@tpg-ir.comSource: GDS Holdings Limited(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "GDS Announces Launch of Proposed Public Offering of ADSs"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-upgraded-to-overweight-from-sector-weight-at-keybanc-capital-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 6:30 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/geico-puts-the-spotlight-on-safe-city-travel-2019-03-16": {"date": "Mar 16, 2019 7:59 a.m. ET", "article": "Cities mean heavy traffic, crowds of pedestrians, and complicated street layouts that are challenging for drivers. In this first edition of the GEICO \u201cSafe Driving Series,\u201d GEICO offers these tips to help drivers stay safe during city trips.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190316005001/en/For more safety tips, visit GEICO's Safe Driving Resource Center.GEICO (Government Employees Insurance Company), the second-largest auto insurer in the U.S., was founded in 1936 and insures more than 27 million vehicles.To make changes, report claims, print insurance cards and purchase additional products, policyholders can log into their car insurance policy, connect via GEICO Mobile, phoneor by visiting aGEICO local agent.Homeowners, renters, condo, flood, identity theft and life coverages are written through non-affiliated insurance companies and are secured through the GEICO Insurance Agency, Inc. Commercial auto and personal umbrella coverages are also available.Visit www.geico.com for a quote or to learn more.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190316005001/en/SOURCE: GEICOGEICO Communications\ngcorpcomm@geico.com\nTo view GEICO's Blog: https://www.geico.com/more/Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "GEICO Puts the Spotlight on Safe City Travel"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/springbot-adds-facebook-messenger-to-ecommerce-marketing-platform-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Springbot ,a data-driven marketing platform for eCommerce retailers, today launched Facebook Messenger Marketing as part of its all-in-one marketing automation platform. Retailers can integrate Facebook messages into automated marketing campaigns and manage them from their Springbot dashboard, a capability not readily available through traditional email marketing platforms.\u201cMore than 80 percent of adults and 90 percent of teens use messaging apps to communicate with each other and with brands, so this has become an important channel for retailers,\u201d said Erika Jolly Brookes, CMO at Springbot. \u201cFor SMB retailers, being able to automate, deliver and measure campaigns all from one dashboard simplifies marketing operations without sacrificing results.\u201dAccording to a study by Infosys, 86 percent of consumers said that personalization has some impact on what they purchase. Springbot\u2019s Facebook Messenger Marketing allows a retailer to provide that personal touch and communicate directly with potential customers who have engaged with their brand. Through Springbot, Facebook messages can be integrated into automated email drip campaigns, such as those that are triggered when someone leaves an item in their cart, creating a more seamless experience for the consumer and an additional channel for retailers to bring shoppers back to their site for purchase.\u201cOur customers have experienced a lot of success with automated emails, especially when encouraging shoppers to return and buy forgotten items,\u201d said Amber Remm, VP of customer success at Springbot. \u201cAs social messaging becomes a popular method of communication for shoppers, being able to add Facebook Messenger as a channel in those automated campaigns is something our merchants asked us to include in the Springbot platform. They don\u2019t have to learn yet another tool and they can see how social messages are performing alongside all the other marketing activities in play.\u201dTo learn more about the Springbot platform and their Facebook Messenger Marketing capabilities visit: https://www.springbot.com/.About SpringbotSpringbot provides advanced eCommerce marketing technology for small to medium-sized retailers. We make the overwhelming task of running and tracking multi-channel marketing campaigns simple, from email and social marketing, to online ads, Amazon Marketplace and more. The key is Springbot\u2019s integrations with BigCommerce, Magento, Shopify and WooCommerce to deliver the power of data management, marketing automation and analytics. We then take that information and make data-driven marketing recommendations specifically tailored for retailers\u2019 needs. To learn more information about Springbot, please visit www.springbot.com or follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and the Springbot blog.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190326005246/en/SOURCE: SpringbotJen Cadmus for Springbot\njen@thedialoglab.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Springbot Adds Facebook Messenger to eCommerce Marketing Platform"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-makes-own-play-for-the-beauty-sector-as-online-brands-pick-up-steam-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 24, 2019 11:26 a.m. ET", "article": "Amazon.com Inc. is making a play for the beauty category with a new line of skin-care products at a time when digitally-native brands are driving sales across the sector.Amazon\u2019s AMZN, -0.14%   Belei features a dozen items including a charcoal balancing mask ($18), a dark spot solution serum ($22) and a vitamin C moisturizer ($35).Brands like L\u2019Oreal and Maybelline are among the wide range of big-name beauty products on the Amazon site. Belei is now being sold among these brands.Amazon launched its first house brands in the early 2000s and now has more than 125 names, according to the 2019 Amazon Consumer Behavior Report published this week.\u201c[I]ts focus on continuing the growth of the collection demonstrates their commitment to diversifying their product selection and driving incremental growth to their retail arm,\u201d industry tracker Feedvisor wrote.Read: Hudson Yards offers shoppers a look at the mall of the futureElectronics, clothing, shoes and jewelry, as well as home and kitchen, and beauty and personal care are the most-purchased categories on Amazon.\u201cFor those who shop online daily, the most popular product category is beauty and personal care,\u201d according to Feedvisor.The launch adds to the growing list of industry newcomers in the skin-care category, some that have become blockbusters.Glossier, which started as a beauty blog, has transformed into a direct-to-consumer beauty brand valued at $1.2 billion, selling makeup, skin-care items and more.And Ulta Beauty Inc. ULTA, +1.08%   name-checked self-made billionaire Kylie Jenner\u2019s line Kylie Cosmetics on its earnings call last Thursday.\u201cOur strategy to be the partner for digitally-native brands like Morphe and Kylie Cosmetics are paying off,\u201d said Mary Dillon, Ulta\u2019s chief executive, on the earnings call, according to a FactSet transcript. Morphe is a line of makeup, brushes and other tools that also has stores in the U.S. and abroad with more to come.A search for Kylie and Morphe products on the Amazon site also yields results.\u201cBoth brands drove very strong traffic in stores, suggesting our guests are motivated to make more trips to the store to try these products in person,\u201d said Dillion. \u201cTo update you on Kylie Cosmetics, which launched in mid-November, we experienced very strong sell-through on the 28 lip products we offer and were essentially out-of-stock for a few weeks at the end of the quarter.\u201dDillon credited the brand with not just driving traffic, but bringing in more diverse customers and new acquisitions. She said Ulta has gotten more Kylie merchandise and is adding new items.\u201cCowen views Ulta\u2019s ability to continuously find key brands like Kylie and Morphe as an important way to broaden its customer file moving forward, as both brands brought new, primarily younger, shoppers into Ulta stores in Q4,\u201d wrote Cowen analysts led by Oliver Chen.Cowen rates Ulta shares outperform with a $370 price target.See: Badgley Mischka\u2019s James Mischka on the state of the luxury market - and what he won\u2019t spend money onBeauty customers are also showing a greater willingness to purchase items online, with Ulta e-commerce sales up 25.1% for the fourth quarter.Amazon has its Prime program and its status as an e-commerce giant working in its favor. The Feedvisor report found that 45% of Prime members make a purchase on Amazon at least once per week. More than half of the 2,000-plus U.S. consumers polled by Feedvisor (55%) are Prime members. Amazon Prime membership now exceeds 100 million.A majority of customers polled (61%) know Amazon has its own brands, and 99% are satisfied with the quality of Amazon-brand products, according to Feedvisor. Among Prime members, 58% are \u201chighly satisfied.\u201d\u201cConsumers are becoming increasingly aware of Amazon\u2019s private-label brands and are tempted to try them because of price,\u201d according to the Feedvisor report.Don\u2019t miss: Unlike retailers seeking growth in cities, Tractor Supply targets consumers living the country lifeAmazon stock has gained 20.4% in 2019 while the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.03%   is up 13.1% for the period.", "title": "Amazon makes own play for the beauty sector as online brands pick up steam"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-teams-with-media-literacy-programs-in-the-us-and-europe-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 1:00 p.m. ET", "article": "Apple\u00aetoday announced a new initiative in support of leading nonprofit organizations in the US and Europe that offer nonpartisan, independent media literacy programs. The News Literacy Project (NLP) and Common Sense in the US and Osservatorio Permanente Giovani-Editori in Italy will each receive support from Apple to advance their effortsin empoweringyoung people with the critical thinking skills necessary in today\u2019s digital age.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190319005326/en/\"News literacy is vital to sustaining a free press and thriving democracy, and we are proud to be collaborating with organizations on the front lines of this effort,\" said Tim Cook, Apple\u2019s CEO. \"We\u2019ve been impressed by the important workbeing done bythe News Literacy Project,Common Sense andOsservatorio, empowering young people to be active and engaged citizens.\"\"Apple News is committed to presenting quality journalism from trusted sources,\" said Lauren Kern, editor-in-chief of Apple News\u00ae. \"We\u2019re thrilled that Apple is supporting these important organizationsto train the next generation on how to seek out accurate and reliable information amid an increasingly complicated news landscape.\"\"We are grateful for Apple\u2019s commitment to fighting misinformation and sustaining quality journalism,\" said Alan C. Miller,founder and CEOof NLP. \"NLP is committed to equipping the next generation with the critical thinking skills to discern what news and other information to trust and the tools to become informed and engaged participants in our country\u2019s democracy. We welcome this timely initiative to help achieve our vision of seeing news literacy embedded in the American educational experience.\"\"The lack of young people\u2019s news literacy skills is a growing problem for our country. Revelations about the manipulation of news and the resulting impact on society have shed light on both the importance and scale of the issue,\" said James P. Steyer, founder and CEO of Common Sense. \"We need to help our students not just seek out legitimate news, but also think critically about the broader world of media and ideas. Apple shares in our mission to raise a generation of children who will thrive as learners, leaders and citizens in the digital age, and Common Sense is delighted to be part of this important effort.\"\"Our mission is to help young people develop critical thinkingskillsby comparing different sources of quality information,\" said Andrea Ceccherini, founder and CEO of Osservatorio Permanente Giovani-Editori. \"At a time when fake news is spreading, we cannot give in to the idea thatthird-party fact-checking services are the only way to assess the reliability of news sources. We can exercise our own minds, and be masters of our own destiny. Our ambition is to help form more citizens, increasingly opening our society to a culture of civilized debate and confrontation, which is the basis of every healthy democracy.\"The News Literacy ProjectThe News Literacy Project (NLP), a nonpartisan national education nonprofit, empowers educators to teach middle school and high school students the skills they need to become smart, active consumers of news and other information andengaged, informed participants in our democracy. Since NLP\u2019s signature education platform, the Checkologyvirtual classroom, was released in May 2016, more than 17,800 educators in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, three US territories and 104 other countries have registered to use it, and more than 124,000 students have benefited from its lessons. Students have told NLP that as a result of what they have learned in Checkology, they are more confident in their ability to discern and create credible information, have a greater appreciation of the roleof a free press in a democracy, and are more likely to become civically engaged by voting when eligible to do so or by becoming politically active. NLP\u2019s vision is to see news literacy \u2014 a critical life skill \u2014 embedded in the American educational experience.Common SenseCommon Sense is the leading nonprofit organization dedicated to helping kids and families thrive in the digital age. Common Sense Education supports K-12 schools with everything educators need to empower the next generation of digital citizens. The organization\u2019s innovative, award-winning Digital Citizenship Curriculum prepares students with lifelong habits and skills, supports teachers with training and recognition, and engages families and communities with helpful tips and tools. To help young people navigate today\u2019s news landscape with sharp and open minds, Common Sense aims to help students not just seek out legitimate news, but also think critically about the broader world of media and ideas. The Common Sense news literacy initiative will provide timely content and resources for parents, educators and teens with the goal of improving news literacy among young people. Common Sense Digital Citizenship Curriculum is taught in more than half the schools in the United States, by more than 700,000 educators.Osservatorio Permanente Giovani-EditoriOsservatorio Permanente Giovani-Editori is Italy\u2019s leading independent organization in citizenship education focused on media literacy projects.For over 18 years, Osservatorio\u2019s mission has been to help today\u2019s young people become citizens of tomorrow, participate more in our democracy and develop critical thinking that sets them free.Osservatorio operates in education by training high school teachers, who then bring Osservatorio\u2019s media literacy projects into their classrooms with the goal of increasing student curiosity, thirst for knowledge and critical thinking. As students compare different quality news sources, they learn to distinguish between reliable journalism and fake news.Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984.Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and AppleTV. Apple\u2019s four software platforms \u2014 iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS \u2014 provide seamlessexperiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough servicesincluding the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple\u2019s more than 100,000employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the worldbetter than we found it.NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple Newsroom (www.apple.com/newsroom), or call Apple\u2019s Media Helpline at (408) 974-2042.\u00a9 2019 AppleInc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo and Apple News are trademarks of Apple Inc. Other company andproduct names may betrademarks of their respective owners.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190319005326/en/SOURCE: Apple Inc.Apple\nBernadette Simpao, (669) 227-9273\nbsimpao@apple.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Apple Teams with Media Literacy Programs in the US and Europe"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/warren-buffett-kraft-heinz-writedown-cost-berkshire-hathaway-big-in-2018-2019-02-23-17103013": {"date": "Feb 23, 2019 5:00 p.m. ET", "article": "Buffett\u2019s annual letter to shareholders detailed a $25.4 billion loss in the fourth quarter of 2018. See full story.Warren Buffett\u2019s annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway shareholders will be released Saturday morning and pored over by investors around the world. Here\u2019s what to expect from the warts-and-all missive. See full story.But eliminating it would probably do more harm than good See full story.A video of the California senator\u2019s confrontation with child environmentalists has sparked internet ire. See full story.Like millions of American workers, Smollett was reportedly unhappy with his salary. See full story.How to get rich like Lagerfeld. See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free After the Bell newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Warren Buffett: Kraft Heinz writedown cost Berkshire Hathaway big in 2018"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-updates-imac-line-to-increase-compute-and-graphics-performance-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 8:36 a.m. ET", "article": "", "title": ""}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/mission-wins-2019-gold-addy-award-for-brand-identity-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:01 a.m. ET", "article": "LOS ANGELES, March 20, Mar 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- LOS ANGELES, March 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Mission, a managed services and consulting company for Amazon Web Services (AWS), today announced that the Mission brand - developed in collaboration with Solid Branding - has won the 2019 Gold ADDY Award for Brand Identity from the American Advertising Federation / Silicon Valley. The Mission logo also earned a Silver ADDY.The annual American Advertising Awards, home of the ADDY award, is among the industry's largest creative competitions, recognizing and rewarding the \"creative spirit of excellence in advertising.\" Solid Branding had a particularly successful showing at the 2019 Silicon Valley competition: the agency earned seven wins - including the Gold ADDY for Mission's brand identity and a Silver ADDY for the Mission logo - further establishing the firm's place among the best branding agencies in Silicon Valley.Mission debuted in October 2018 as the unified brand combined from the mergers of AWS Advanced Consulting Partners Reliam, Stratalux, and G2 Tech Group. Operating under the ethos \"Mission - Let's Achieve Yours,\" the brand identity and supporting visual elements are built to communicate the managed AWS provider's dedication to understanding each client's specific cloud requirements and long-term vision - and then taking on those challenges as Mission's own.\"The Mission brand perfectly embodies the commitment each of us feels to pursuing and executing our clients' cloud ambitions, and to making it our mission to see those goals continually realized,\" said Andy Jolls, CMO, Mission. \"We thank Solid Branding for its superb work in helping debut the Mission brand identity to such acclaim, and congratulate the agency on its well-deserved award wins from the American Advertising Federation. We look forward to future work between our organizations.\"With a coast-to-coast geographic presence and a team of expert cloud consultants and solutions architects holding nearly 100 AWS certifications, Mission is a highly-capable AWS managed services and consulting provider ready to serve enterprises' unique needs and AWS use cases. Mission delivers AWS strategy consulting, migrations, architecture, solution design, security and governance, cost optimization, DevOps implementation, application performance management, and managed services and support that are available 24/7.\"Receiving a 2019 Gold ADDY Award for the Mission rebrand means that the work is considered among the very best branding work being done in Silicon Valley,\" said Alfredo Muccino, Founder and Executive Creative Director, Solid Branding. \"Given that the Valley is known for its innovation and creativity, we are humbled to be singled out for this honor. We worked very closely with the Mission team on the rebrand, and receiving this award is a credit to Mission's trust and their spirit of collaboration. I believe that good work is only possible when an agency works with great clients. Thank you, Mission for being a wonderful client!\"About MissionMission is a trusted managed services provider and consulting partner for businesses using - or migrating to - Amazon Web Services (AWS). Through its dedicated team of expert cloud operations professionals and solutions architects, Mission delivers a unique breadth and depth of AWS-recognized technical and strategic proficiencies. Mission combines this know-how with an anything-is-possible belief in the power of cloud transformation through AWS, and a dedication to understanding and solving customers' individual goals and challenges - enabling their development of new and powerful applications running on the AWS Cloud. Follow Mission on Twitter and LinkedIn.About Solid BrandingSolid is a next generation brand agency using an agile and collaborative model designed to deliver strategic brand design work faster and more cost-efficiently than most traditional agencies. The agency was founded by Alfredo Muccino in 2016 as a way to disrupt the traditional agency model.Solid assembles teams that include brand strategy, design and marketing creative from across the globe. Working collaboratively with their clients, Solid helps companies launch new brands, build or revitalize existing brands, and manage transitions due to mergers, acquisitions and divestitures.Solid's offerings include brand strategy, naming, logos, packaging, websites, videos, environmental and event design, product design, marketing and advertising campaigns, and much more.Solid's client experience includes significant branding programs for large multinational corporations such as Amazon, Adidas, Cushman & Wakefield, Google, HP, Intel, McAfee, Microsoft, Nike, PlayStation, and others - as well as branding initiatives for smaller companies at earlier stages in their growth.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Mission Wins 2019 Gold ADDY Award for Brand Identity"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/cbd-is-being-sold-at-the-largest-drugstore-chain-in-the-us-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 12:00 p.m. ET", "article": "U.S. cannabis retailer Curaleaf Holdings Inc. said late Wednesday that it has inked a deal with CVS Health Corp. to carry its line of cannabidiol, or CBD, products. See full story.Even for a bond market bracing for an accommodative Federal Reserve, policy makers\u2019 moves on Wednesday were a stunner, raising the specter of recession. See full story.Streaming of the live Facebook Inc. video of the New Zealand mosque shootings revealed shortcomings in its technology, the social media giant conceded, at the same time that the company pushed back against implementing a time delay for video. See full story.Stocks edge higher Thursday, a day after the Federal Reserve signaled its unlikely to raise interest rates in 2019 amid worries over economic growth. See full story.CEOs with lower tones make an average of $187,000 more per year. See full story.Here are some maneuvers that are especially useful at the end of the year. See full story.Want a summary of the top news? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Midday Report newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "CBD is being sold at the largest drugstore chain in the U.S."}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-hospitality-reit-acquires-home2-suites-by-hilton-orlando-airport-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. APLE, -0.13% (the \u201cCompany\u201d or \u201cApple Hospitality\u201d) today announced the opening and acquisition of the new 128-room Home2 Suites by Hilton Orlando Airport (the \u201cHotel\u201d) for a purchase price of $20.7 million, or approximately $162,000 per key.\u201cThis beautiful, newly constructed Home2 Suites adds a presence for us near Florida\u2019s busiest airport and is a great addition to our portfolio,\u201d said Nelson Knight, Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of Apple Hospitality. \u201cNot only will the Hotel benefit from travelers visiting the many leisure attractions that Orlando and the surrounding areas are known for, the market is also home to a variety of business and educational demand generators. We secured attractive per-key pricing prior to the start of construction of the Hotel, which we believe adds meaningful value at a time when construction costs are rising.\u201dThe Hotel is located at 5445 Hazeltine National Drive in Orlando, Florida, less than three miles from Orlando International Airport. According to the Greater Orlando Aviation Authority, Orlando International Airport welcomed more than 47 million passengers during the year ended December 31, 2018. Passenger traffic at the airport has increased 33 percent since 2014, prompting an ongoing terminal expansion and facility enhancement project that will increase the airport\u2019s capacity for additional flights. In addition to its proximity to the airport and related businesses, the Hotel is near a variety of dining and shopping amenities, as well as numerous corporate offices, training facilities and distribution centers. According to data provided by STR for the year ended December 31, 2018, RevPAR for the airport area submarket of Orlando improved by 4.5 percent, as compared to 2017.Following this acquisition, the Apple Hospitality portfolio includes 243 hotels with more than 31,000 guest rooms geographically diversified throughout 34 states.About Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc.Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. APLE, -0.13% is a publicly traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that owns one of the largest and most diverse portfolios of upscale, rooms-focused hotels in the United States. Apple Hospitality\u2019s portfolio consists of 243 hotels with more than 31,000 guest rooms located in 88 markets throughout 34 states. Franchised with industry-leading brands, the Company\u2019s portfolio comprises 114 Marriott-branded hotels, 128 Hilton-branded hotels and one Hyatt-branded hotel. For more information, please visit www.applehospitalityreit.com.Forward-Looking Statements DisclaimerCertain statements contained in this press release other than historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are predictions and generally can be identified by use of statements that include phrases such as \u201cmay,\u201d \u201cbelieve,\u201d \u201cexpect,\u201d \u201canticipate,\u201d \u201cintend,\u201d \u201cestimate,\u201d \u201cproject,\u201d \u201ctarget,\u201d \u201cgoal,\u201d \u201cplan,\u201d \u201cshould,\u201d \u201cwill,\u201d \u201cpredict,\u201d \u201cpotential,\u201d \u201coutlook,\u201d \u201cstrategy,\u201d and similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievements of Apple Hospitality to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the ability of Apple Hospitality to effectively acquire and dispose of properties; the ability of Apple Hospitality to implement its operating strategy; changes in general political, economic and competitive conditions and specific market conditions; adverse changes in the real estate and real estate capital markets; financing risks; litigation risks; regulatory proceedings or inquiries; and changes in laws or regulations or interpretations of current laws and regulations that impact Apple Hospitality\u2019s business, assets or classification as a real estate investment trust. Although Apple Hospitality believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore there can be no assurance that such statements included in this press release will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by Apple Hospitality or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or the objectives and plans of Apple Hospitality will be achieved. In addition, Apple Hospitality\u2019s qualification as a real estate investment trust involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Readers should carefully review Apple Hospitality\u2019s financial statements and the notes thereto, as well as the risk factors described in Apple Hospitality\u2019s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, in the section titled \u201cRisk Factors\u201d in the Company\u2019s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Any forward-looking statement that Apple Hospitality makes speaks only as of the date of such statement. Apple Hospitality undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or cautionary factors, as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.For additional information or to receive press releases by email, visit www.applehospitalityreit.com .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005326/en/SOURCE: Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc.Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc.\nKelly Clarke, Vice President, Investor Relations\n804-727-6321\nkclarke@applereit.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Apple Hospitality REIT Acquires Home2 Suites by Hilton Orlando Airport"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/global-outdoor-furniture-market-2019-2023-leading-players-are-ashley-furniture-industries-berkshire-hathaway-brown-jordan-intl-inter-ikea-systems-and-williams-sonoma---researchandmarketscom-2019-03-04": {"date": "Mar 4, 2019 9:45 a.m. ET", "article": "The \"Global Outdoor Furniture Market 2019-2023\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The outdoor furniture market will register a CAGR of over 5% by 2023.The innovation in product design along with the portfolio expansion is driving the global outdoor furniture market. With changing lifestyles of the population across the nations, the emphasis on outdoor decoration has increased considerably. To meet the growing demand, the vendors in the market are expanding their product lines by providing new patio furniture through new ranges and collections.Vendors are also increasingly offering furniture with a wide variety of designs, durability, and colors to entice customers. Previously, cushions for outdoor seating were ideally used to protect furniture from heat. However, as these are now being considered as accessories, soil and stain-resistant fabrics for cushions have started garnering a wider appeal among consumers. Therefore, vendors are also planning to implement geometric themes along with ethnic and tribal patterns in their furniture products.The availability of such products will further drive the sales and positively influence the global outdoor furniture market during the forecast period.Increasing demand for patio heating products in commercial & residential spacesPatio heaters have high demand in commercial spaces, which include pubs, party lounges, caf\u00e9s, and restaurants. The rising number of pubs and restaurants that have outdoor dining spaces has contributed to the increasing demand for patio heaters. Therefore, the increasing demand for patio heaters in commercial and residential spaces contributes to the growth of the global outdoor furniture market during the forecast period.Long replacement cycleThe long replacement cycle of outdoor furniture product could hinder the growth of the market. The furniture products including outdoor furniture are meant for long-term use and they do not require frequent replacement. This factor hinders the growth of the market.Competitive LandscapeThe market appears to be moderately fragmented with the presence of several vendors. The vendors are innovating in product design and portfolio expansion, such instances will drive the market growth.This market research report will help clients identify new growth opportunities and design unique growth strategies by providing a comprehensive analysis of the market's competitive landscape and offering information on the products offered by companies.Key PlayersTopics CoveredPART 01: EXECUTIVE SUMMARYPART 02: SCOPE OF THE REPORTPART 03: MARKET LANDSCAPEPART 04: MARKET SIZINGPART 05: FIVE FORCES ANALYSISPART 06: MARKET SEGMENTATION BY PRODUCTPART 07: MARKET SEGMENTATION BY END-USERPART 08: CUSTOMER LANDSCAPEPART 09: MARKET SEGMENTATION BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNELPART 10: GEOGRAPHIC LANDSCAPEPART 11: DRIVERS AND CHALLENGESPART 12: MARKET TRENDSPART 13: VENDOR LANDSCAPEPART 14: VENDOR ANALYSISFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wrmn2p/global_outdoor?w=4View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190304005600/en/SOURCE: Research and MarketsResearchAndMarkets.com\nLaura Wood, Senior Press Manager\npress@researchandmarkets.com\nFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470\nFor U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630\nFor GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900\nRelated Topics: FurnitureCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Global Outdoor Furniture Market (2019-2023): Leading Players are Ashley Furniture Industries, Berkshire Hathaway, Brown Jordan Intl, Inter IKEA Systems, and Williams-Sonoma - ResearchAndMarkets.com"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/sevatec-achieves-advanced-consulting-partner-status-in-the-amazon-web-services-partner-network-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 8:00 a.m. ET", "article": "FAIRFAX, Va., March 21, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Sevatec announced it is now an Advanced Consulting Partner in the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Partner Network (APN). The new APN status denotes that Sevatec has met rigorous requirements demonstrating the scale of their AWS expertise and capabilities.\"This milestone for Sevatec is a reflection of our investment and proven track record in helping clients with their most difficult and complex cloud architecture, engineering, and migration efforts for enterprise mission-critical systems,\" said Sevatec Chief Solutions Officer, Mike McKinney. \"With our focus on shared services, automation, DevSecOps-based continuous delivery, and a seamless uniform experience of infrastructure resources within the hybrid environment, all built on a cloud native architecture, Sevatec has established itself as a leader with federal government agencies looking for flawless digital transformation.\"Sevatec has been helping federal government clients to design, architect, build, migrate, and manage cloud solutions built on AWS since the federal government started migrating to the cloud more than 5 years ago. Their expert teams of dedicated developers, architects, and system administrators have consistently provided cutting-edge expertise in designing, building, and managing world-class cloud-native applications for federal government clients.For two days beginning June 11, 2019, Sevatec will join global leaders from government, education, and nonprofit organizations at the AWS Public Sector Summit in Washington, DC to highlight some of their solutions built on AWS. Case studies about these solutions can be read on Sevatec's website here.About SevatecSevatec is a leading national security firm specializing in agile software delivery, data analytics, digital services, cybersecurity, and cloud engineering solutions. Founded in 2003 on the concept of \"Seva,\" meaning \"Inspired to Serve a Greater Purpose,\" our portfolio of mission-critical technology solutions includes homeland and law enforcement agencies, Department of Defense, Department of Transportation, Department of State, and multiple civilian departments and agencies.To learn more about Sevatec, visit http://www.sevatec.com.View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sevatec-achieves-advanced-consulting-partner-status-in-the-amazon-web-services-partner-network-300815905.htmlSOURCE SevatecCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Sevatec Achieves Advanced Consulting Partner Status in the Amazon Web Services Partner Network"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/eplays-big-shot-basketball-game-is-1-of-more-than-10-titles-in-company-ip-portfolio-2019-03-19-818403": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 8:00 a.m. ET", "article": "LOS ANGELES and CALGARY, Alberta, Mar 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- LOS ANGELES and CALGARY, Alberta, March 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ePlay Digital Inc. (CSE:EPY) today announced Big Shot(TM) Basketball Beta augmented reality mobile game is one of more than 10 sports, esports, and entertainment titles in the company's intellectual property portfolio. The portfolio was developed for commercial applications on behalf of clients and sponsors in 6 languages in 18 countries for events such as: FIFA World Cup, the Academy Awards, LA Lakers Basketball, Spectrum's SportsNet, and prime-time TV premieres. The augmented reality Big Shot Game platform (Pokemon Go meets sports, esports, and entertainment) and upcoming ePlay developed titles accelerates and expands the company's advanced technology portfolio, revenue models, and ability to reach and engage with fans, athletes, and brands.ePlay's intellectual property is available to the company for branding, distribution, and marketing directly by ePlay, sponsors, partners, and clients. Cross-marketing between titles and building community starting with the Big Shot Basketball title, currently in open beta on Apple App Store, amortizes development, distribution and marketing costs across several game titles, partners, and sponsors. The ePlay Digital studio model drives value and creates unfair competitive technology and marketing advantages that accelerate growth and revenue.\"In addition to ePlay's award-winning record and technology for client service centered mobile campaigns and games in support of some of the biggest events in the world, we are now publishing mobile games direct to consumers,\" says Trevor Doerksen, CEO of ePlay Digital. \"With more than 10 sports, esports and entertainment mobile games in our portfolio, ePlay is executing on its business and marketing plan to drive new revenue through mobile advertising, sponsorship, merchandise/ticket sales, game publisher fees, media rights, and in-app purchases, in addition to services revenue.\"With the upcoming launch of Big Shot Basketball, ePlay's first flagship title, ePlay plans to quickly expand the company's revenue model from client service revenue only to include: advertising, sponsorship, physical merchandise, ticket sales, game publisher fees, media rights, and in-app purchases. Mobile advertising is a US$140 billion global market growing to over a 1/2 trillion dollars in 2024 [1] . Digital games and interactive media grew by 13 percent to $119.6 billion in 2018. Mobile games led the way in 2018 with $61.3 billion in revenues. The share of immersive technology revenue coming from augmented and mixed reality (AR/MR) grew from 27 percent to 35 percent in 2018. Augmented Reality (\"AR\") and Virtual Reality (\"VR\") are expected to grow to $11.5 billion in 2019, up from $6.6 billion in 2018 [2] .Big Shot Basketball is expected to have its commercial launch announced soon. The game will be officially launched in specific markets with sponsors and partners. All of the mobile games are for Android and iOS and are available for commercial release. Other titles have not yet been announced but will leverage ePlay's award-winning intellectual property to become part of a series and/or the ePlay games portfolio. The sports, esports, and entertainment game portfolio announced to date includes Big Shot Basketball, Battle Royale, Streak, Swish, and Swish AR.In conjunction with various discussions with publishers, ePlay is fielding interest for additional sports, territories, and game experiences powered by its game and technology portfolio to bring to market now and leading to world-class sports, esports, and entertainment events such as World Cup and Olympics.Recently, the company announced the upcoming Big Shot Battle Royale(TM) format and the ability to win \"Red Carpet Invites\". The massive multiplayer game allows head-to-head multiplayer action between Big Shot players fighting elimination during live NBA matches. Big Shot Battle Royale(TM) is the only live massive multiplayer game synced to actual NBA matches. Watching basketball live or on TV is a lot more fun with Big Shot Battle Royale. Big Shot Battle Royale(TM) is like other multiplayer mobile games - combining massive multiplayer, live streaming, scavenger mode, and even as a special form of combat in a last-player standing format.Follow ePlay on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram\nFollow BigShot on Twitter, Facebook, and InstagramAbout ePlay\nePlay Digital Inc. is a mobile game creator and publisher specializing in sports, esports and entertainment augmented reality titles, including their new flagship title Big Shot Basketball. ePlay is operated by an award-winning team of sports, gaming and esports leaders as well as broadcast and digital technology industry experts, software engineers and athletes who have brought dozens of game titles to market for companies including Time Warner Cable, ESPN, Sony Pictures, AXS TV, Intel, AXN, Fiat, CBS, and others.ePlay's wholly owned subsidiary, Mobovivo esports specializes in augmented reality, mobile game development and mobile esports streaming.NBA is registered trademarks of NBA in the United States and other countries. Apple, App Store, and iPhone are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. in the United States and other countries.Further Information\nFurther details are available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, and the Company's profile on the CSE's website at www.thecse.com/For further media information, or to set up an interview, please contact:\nePlay Digital Inc.\n(310) 684-3857\nE-mail: info@eplaydigital.com\nWebsite: www.eplaydigital.comCanadian Securities Exchange (CSE): Symbol EPY\nDeutsche Boerse Xetra - Frankfurt Stock Exchange: Symbol 2NY2; WKN: A2AN4D; ISIN CA26885W1041Cautionary and Forward-Looking Statements\nThis news release contains forward\ufffd?\ufffdlooking statements and forward\ufffd?\ufffdlooking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. These statements relate to future events or future performance. All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward\ufffd?\ufffdlooking statements or information. More particularly and without limitation, this news release contains forward\ufffd?\ufffdlooking statements and information relating to third-party research and analysis, and the Company's corporate strategy. Although management of the Company believes that the expectations and assumptions on which such forward-looking statements and information are based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on the forward\ufffd?\ufffdlooking statements and information since no assurance can be given that they will prove to be correct, and management can neither agree or disagree on specific conclusions contained in the research report.Forward-looking statements and information are provided for the purpose of providing information about the current expectations and plans of management of the Company relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that reliance on such statements and information may not be appropriate for other purposes, such as making investment decisions. Since forward\ufffd?\ufffdlooking statements and information address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors and risks. These include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to identify and complete suitable acquisitions to further the Company's growth as well as risks associated with the Company's ability to commercialize the digital sports sectors in general such as operational risks in development, research and regulatory delays or changes in plans with respect to research projects or capital expenditures; the uncertainty of the market; the uncertainty of estimates and projections relating to costs and expenses; marketing and commercialization; loss of markets; competition; incorrect assessment of the value of any technologies acquired and failure to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions; ability to access sufficient capital from internal and external sources; failure to obtain required regulatory and other approvals and changes in legislation, including but not limited to tax laws, and government regulations. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on the forward\ufffd?\ufffdlooking statements, timelines and information contained in this news release. Readers are cautioned that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive.The forward\ufffd?\ufffdlooking statements and information contained in this news release are made as of the date hereof and no undertaking is given to update publicly or revise any forward\ufffd?\ufffdlooking statements or information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless so required by applicable securities laws or the Exchange. The forward-looking statements or information contained in this news release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement.[1] https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2018/04/30/1489708/0/en/Global-Mobile-Advertising-Market-is-expected-to-reach-USD-531-0-Billion-with-a-CAGR-of-20-9-during-2018-2024.html[2] https://venturebeat.com/2019/01/16/superdata-digital-games-grow-12-to-109-8-billion-in-2018-fortnite-earned-2-4-billion/(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "ePlay's Big Shot Basketball Game is 1 of More Than 10 Titles in Company IP Portfolio"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/trump-talks-china-and-isis-mr-kellyanne-and-the-mueller-report-white-house-transcript-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 12:06 p.m. ET", "article": "The White House has released a transcript of President Trump\u2019s interaction on Wednesday with reporters on the South Lawn, before he boarded Marine One and headed for an event at a tank factory in Ohio.Trump spoke at some length about the forthcoming Mueller report on Russia\u2019s role in the 2016 presidential election, reiterating his \u201cno collusion\u201d prebuttal while also saying he had \u201cnever figured out\u201d why an appointed, and thus unelected, special counsel would author such a report and returned as well to his talking point that Robert Mueller is himself conflicted. He also showed off a map purporting to demonstrate the near-total decimation of the Islamic State\u2019s physical caliphate since the date of his election, in November 2016; trade talks with China; Trump\u2019s public excoriation by well-known Republican lawyer George Conway, the husband of White House counselor Kellyanne Conway; and alleged social-media bias.The transcript, in unedited form, as disseminated by White House press secretary Sarah Sanders:Office of the Press SecretaryFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEMarch 20, 2019REMARKS BY PRESIDENT TRUMPBEFORE MARINE ONE DEPARTURESouth Lawn12:25 P.M. EDTQ Do you know when the Mueller report will be released, Mr. President?THE PRESIDENT: I have no idea. No collusion. No collusion. I have no idea when it\u2019s going to be released. It\u2019s interesting that a man gets appointed by a deputy; he writes a report. You know -- never figured that one out. A man gets appointed by a deputy; he writes a report.I had the greatest electoral victory -- one of them -- in the history of our country. Tremendous success. Tens of millions of voters. And now somebody is going to write a report who never got a vote.So we\u2019ll see what the report says. Let\u2019s see if it\u2019s fair. I have no idea when it\u2019s going to be released.Q Have you reversed your policy on Syria?THE PRESIDENT: No, no. We\u2019re -- in Syria, we\u2019re leaving 200 people there and 200 people in another place in Syria, closer to Israel, for a period of time. I brought this out for you because this is a map of -- everything in the red -- this was on Election Night in 2016. Everything red is ISIS. When I took it over, it was a mess.Now, on the bottom, that\u2019s the exact same. There is no red. In fact, there\u2019s actually a tiny spot, which will be gone by tonight.So that\u2019s ISIS -- red, right there -- and the bottom one is how it is today. This just came out 20 minutes ago. So this is ISIS on Election Day -- my election day -- and this is ISIS now. So that\u2019s the way it goes.Q Mr. President, does the American public have a right to see the Mueller report?THE PRESIDENT: I don\u2019t mind. I mean, frankly, I told the House, \u201cIf you want, let them see it.\u201d Again, I say: A deputy -- because of the fact that the Attorney General didn\u2019t have the courage to do it himself, a deputy that\u2019s appointed appoints another man to write a report. I just won an election with 63 million votes or so. Sixty-three million. I had 206 to 223 in the Electoral College -- 306 to 223.And I\u2019m saying to myself, wait a minute, I just won one of the greatest elections of all time in the history of this country -- and even you will admit that -- and now I have somebody writing a report that never got a vote. It\u2019s called the Mueller report.So explain that, because my voters don\u2019t get it. And I don\u2019t get it.Now, at the same time, let it come out. Let people see it. That\u2019s up to the Attorney General. We have a very good Attorney General; he\u2019s a very highly respected man. And we\u2019ll see what happens.But it\u2019s sort of interesting that a man, out of the blue, just writes a report. I got 306 electoral votes against 223. That\u2019s a tremendous victory. I got 63 million more. I got 63 million votes. And now somebody just writes a report? I think it\u2019s ridiculous.But I want to see the report. And you know who will want to see it? The tens of millions of people that love the fact that we have the greatest economy we\u2019ve ever had.I\u2019m going to Ohio right now. They were going to close the plant; it\u2019s where they make the tanks. It was going to be closed, and I stopped them from closing it. And now it\u2019s thriving and doing great. And the people of Ohio, they like Trump because I\u2019ve done a great job in Ohio. And I\u2019ve done a great job all over the country. That\u2019s what the people want to hear.Q Are you saying that Bob Mueller is a bad actor?THE PRESIDENT: I know nothing about it. I know that he\u2019s conflicted and I know that his best friend is Comey, who\u2019s a bad cop. And I know that there are other things, obviously. You know I had a business transaction with him that I\u2019ve reported many times that you people don\u2019t talk about. But I had a nasty business transaction with him and other things. I know that he put 13 highly conflicted and, you know, very angry -- I call them angry -- Democrats in. So, you know -- so, what it is.Now, let\u2019s see whether or not it\u2019s legit. You know better than anybody there\u2019s no collusion. There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. There was no nothing. But it\u2019s sort of an amazing thing that when you have a great victory, somebody comes and does a report out of nowhere -- tell me how that makes sense -- who never got a vote; who the day before he was retained to become Special Counsel, I told him he wouldn\u2019t be working at the FBI. And then the following day, they get him for this. I don\u2019t think so. I don\u2019t think people get it.With all of that being said, I look forward to seeing the report.Q On the China trade deal, once you have an agreement with President Xi, will you immediately lift the China tariffs? Will you remove the tariffs right away?THE PRESIDENT: No. We\u2019re not talking about removing them. We\u2019re talking about leaving them and for a substantial period of time, because we have to make sure that if we do the deal with China, that China lives by the deal. Because they\u2019ve had a lot of problems living by certain deals and we have to make sure.Now, no President has ever done what I\u2019ve done with China. China had free reign over our country, taking out $500 billion a year for many years. We actually rebuilt China, in the truest sense of the word. We rebuilt China.But we\u2019re getting along with China very well. President Xi is a friend of mine. The deal is coming along nicely. We have our top representatives going there this weekend to further the deal. But, no, we have -- we\u2019re taking in billions and billions of dollars right now in tariff money. And for a period of time, that will stay.Q Mr. President, your tweets about George Conway, how do they fit the standard of the First Lady\u2019s BE BEST campaign?THE PRESIDENT: Well, I don\u2019t know him. Yeah, I don\u2019t know him. He\u2019s a whack job, there\u2019s no question about it. But I really don\u2019t know him. He -- I think he\u2019s doing a tremendous disservice to a wonderful wife. Kellyanne is a wonderful woman. And I call him \u201cMr. Kellyanne.\u201d The fact is that he\u2019s doing a tremendous disservice to a wife and family. She\u2019s a wonderful woman.Q The 232 tariff reform: What are the recommendations?THE PRESIDENT: Well -- are you talking about the one that you just --Q The auto tariffs. The auto tariffs.THE PRESIDENT: -- found out about having to do with cars?Q Correct.THE PRESIDENT: No recommendation. It\u2019s up for review, and the European Union has been very tough on the United States for many years but nobody talked about it. And so we\u2019re looking at something to combat it.Not only do they charge our companies -- if you look, it was 1.6 billion to Google GOOGL, -0.63%   ; it just happened yesterday. And a lot of other things. A lot of litigation.But I say the European Union has been as tough on the United States as China, just not as much money involved.Q Are you leaning towards tariffs?THE PRESIDENT: We\u2019ll see what happens. We\u2019ll see whether or not they negotiate a deal. If they negotiate a deal, a fair deal, that\u2019s a different story.Q Mr. President, are (inaudible) beneath the dignity of the office you hold?THE PRESIDENT: Uh, yeah, go ahead.Q Will you answer that question, Mr. President?Q (Inaudible) from your Twitter account?THE PRESIDENT: I think that Twitter TWTR, -0.12% is a way that I get out the word when we have a corrupt media. And it is corrupt and it\u2019s fake. So Twitter is a way that I can get out the word. Because our media is so dishonest -- a lot of it -- the mainstream. A lot of it. They don\u2019t report the facts. They don\u2019t report -- as an example that I just showed you, they don\u2019t want to report this, so I figure I might as well show it.So when I do Twitter statements, I get out the word from a fake and corrupt media.And I have, on five sites --Q But is it beneath the office you hold?THE PRESIDENT: Please. Please.Q Is it beneath your office?THE PRESIDENT: Please.On five sites, I have over 100 million people, and that includes Facebook FB, +0.84% and Instagram and Twitter and everything. And it\u2019s a way that I can get honesty out, because there\u2019s tremendous dishonesty with respect to the fake-news media.Q Mr. President, what was your reaction -- Mr. President, what was your reaction --Q Your Secretary of State for African Affairs went to Angola this week and he showed the support of the United States to Angola.THE PRESIDENT: Good.Q About the work that of President, Jo\u00e3o Louren\u00e7o, doing in Angola -- Jo\u00e3o Louren\u00e7o, the new President of Angola, he\u2019s combatting corruption really hard in Angola. What do you think about that?THE PRESIDENT: Well, we\u2019ll take a look at that. I\u2019ll speak to the Secretary.Q (Inaudible.)THE PRESIDENT: Pakistan -- we\u2019ll be meeting with Pakistan. I think our relationship right now is very good with Pakistan.Thank you.END 12:35 P.M. EDTWant news about Europe delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Europe Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Trump talks China and ISIS, \u2018Mr. Kellyanne\u2019 and the Mueller report: White House transcript"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/fedex-fires-off-a-warning-investors-wont-be-able-to-ignore-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 9:59 a.m. ET", "article": "Editor\u2019s note: A MarketWatch news alert early Wednesday incorrectly identified the FedEx executive commenting on global trade and economic conditions as the company\u2019s chief executive officer rather than chief financial officer. The story file did not include that error.If Fed Chairman Jerome Powell is looking for a cheerful global-growth anecdote ahead of its policy announcement Wednesday, FedEx results may come as a bitter disappointment.Shares FDX, +0.03% of the package-delivery service, widely viewed as a bellwether of world economic activity, are taking a hit after sales and adjusted earnings fell short of Wall Street estimates, and FedEx cut its fiscal 2019 profit view for a second straight quarter.\u201cSlowing international macroeconomic conditions and weaker global trade growth trends continue, as seen in the year-over-year decline in our FedEx Express international revenue,\u201d said Alan Graf, the company\u2019s chief financial officer, who ticks all the boxes for our call of the day, with his gloomy summation on the company\u2019s conference call after the market\u2019s close Tuesday.Note that strategists have emphasized the continued momentum in the stock market depends in part on the coming first-quarter earnings season. If things do turn a little sour, Graf\u2019s words may come back to haunt us in the weeks to come.Meanwhile, FedEx CEO Fred Smith spoke of encouraging signs for the domestic business in an interview later on Tuesday, and some \u201cgreen shoots\u201d on the international side. But there was a caveat.\u201cNo question about it, if there\u2019s not some solution to Brexit and some resolution of the U.S.-China trade dispute, it\u2019s unlikely [we will] see much global growth in our fiscal 2020 or calendar 2019,\u201d Smith told CNBC\u2019s Jim Cramer late Tuesday.While Brexit remains a complete mess, a troubling trade headline cropped up to dent stocks Tuesday, with a report China could back off some of its trade promises. So far for Wednesday, stocks are slipping a bit. FedEx might be helping there, thought investors are pretty focused on the outcome of the Fed meeting and press conference with Powell, who\u2019s expected to keep the dovish status quo.\u201cThe global supply chain remains under heavy pressure and the market continues to ignore it because of the \u2018global policy panic,\u2019 by central banks,\u201d said Steen Jakobsen, chief investment officer at Saxo Bank, in an emailed comment. He notes correlations between \u201cfundamentals\u201d and the stock market are the lowest in a month, referring to this Nordea chart making the rounds:Fed Chairman Jerome Powell and his crew will roll out a decision later Wednesday and overall markets are expecting the dovish tone to continue, though some say if the central bank leans too far in that direction, investors will panic that maybe the global outlook is dicey and head for the exits.Last word goes to Seabreeze Partner\u2019s president Doug Kass, whose note to clients on Tuesday touched on a theme that investors were fiddling while Rome is burning. He says they are ignoring the fixed-income markets, where the yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, -1.90%  dipped below 2.6%. As a rule of thumb a falling long-term bond yields can be seen as a reflection of less confidence in the economy.\u201cNote and bond yields are shouting that the trajectory of global economic growth will disappoint relative to consensus expectations. The message of the fixed-income market is currently being ignored by stock investors,\u201d said Kass.As that Fed outcome looms, the Dow DJIA, +0.00%  , S&P 500 SPX, -0.08%  the Nasdaq COMP, -0.19% are all down.The dollar DXY, +0.08% is also steady, while gold GCJ9, -0.24%  and crude US:CLJ9  are down. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, -1.90%  is ticking lower.Europe stocks SXXP, +0.32%  are mostly lower, while in Asia stocks had a lackluster session.While stocks have been climbing since the start of the year, investors have apparently been harboring few worries. That\u2019s at least according to the Cboe Volatility Index, aka the VIX VIX, +2.04% which gauges future volatility and anxiety in the market. The VIX dipped all the way below 12.5 on Tuesday, a level not seen in months, though it didn\u2019t stick around there too long.That circa 12 level for the VIX is below its historical mean of 19.28, but it reached over 36 during the Christmas stock selloff and into the 70s and 80s during the financial crisis.Read: Should stock-market investors watch out for a volatility pickup?A stock market moving higher without too many bumps and a falling VIX spell complacency to some. But our chart of the day from a chart enthusiast known on Twitter as Oddstats, underlines the perils of using the VIX for market timing. His chart shows some strong rallies for the S&P 500 when the VIX has seen a dip similar to Tuesday\u2019s.Opinion: Brace yourself for the coming spike in the VIXThere was better earnings news from General Mills GM, -0.08%  , whose shares are cresting to a 1-year high after beating forecasts and lifting its outlook.Alphabet\u2019s GOOGL, -0.76%  Google and Nvidia NVDA, -0.18%  unveiled different versions of a streaming future for videogames at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco. Meanwhile, Alphabet has been slapped with another EU fine, this time $1.69 billion for restricting ads on third-party sites.Apple AAPL, +0.92%  reportedly has a team of sports geeks working on a service that will offer streaming sports highlights.Read: Nvidia logged highest close in four months as products unveiled at conventionThe Lion Air Boeing BA, -0.21% 737 Max that crashed last year, was saved the day before by an off-duty pilot who identified that the flight-control-system was malfunctioning and helped the crew disable it, reports Bloomberg.Capt. Sullenberger: \u2018Our credibility as leaders in aviation is being damaged\u2019Excitement over Lyft\u2019s LYFT, +0.00%  now-oversubscribed IPO could push shares beyond the offering price on Friday.Bayer BAYN, -0.16% tumbled in Europe after a jury found Roundup weedkiller caused a man\u2019s cancer, and will now determine if its Monsanto unit should be held liable.Read: The lawyers who took on Big Tobacco are aiming at Realtors and their 6% feeWe\u2019ll get a Fed announcement at 2 p.m. Eastern, with Chairman Jerome Powell afterward. The central bank is broadly expected to stick to its dovish view, but stop short of signaling a rate cut. Check out our preview here.Opinion: The economic slowdown looks like a hiccup \u2014 but then what?New Zealand shooter was on his way to a third attack when police stopped him\u2018Dirty dozen\u2019 report finds kale a big offender when it comes to pesticide contaminationWoman sends message to wife of late Sen. John McCain saying she\u2019s \u201cglad\u201d he\u2019s deadU.K. gallery says no to $1.3 million from family accused of having links to opioid crisisStranger Things 3 trailer. That is all.Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "FedEx just fired off a warning investors may not be able to ignore"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/turbonomic-bolsters-partner-program-with-new-cloud-path-for-amazon-web-services-and-microsoft-azure-systems-integrators-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 6:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Trusted by over 20 percent of the Fortune 500, Turbonomic today further strengthened the Turbonomic Partner Program by introducing a new Systems Integrators (SIs) path to help SIs successfully drive cloud adoption and optimization. The SI Program creates new revenue opportunities by arming partners with both the technology and expertise to capitalize on the $1 trillion hybrid IT market opportunity. The Partner Program enables SI partners to become trusted advisors to their customers delivering transformational services that support the customer\u2019s IT modernization initiatives.The nature of delivering IT services and support has fundamentally changed with the adoption of hybrid and multicloud. While the cloud offers clear operational benefits, it also presents exponential complexity, forcing IT to rethink how they continuously manage their IT estate. Because of Turbonomic\u2019s top-down, application-driven approach, the AI-powered workload automation platform assures performance at the lowest cost while enforcing policy compliance. The platform enables partners to accelerate their customers\u2019 cloud adoption with workloads that self-manage, anywhere, in real-time (or SMART workloads) reducing their risk when delivering cloud services. Because of its proven value in AWS and Azure customer environments, Turbonomic has been awarded multiple AWS Competencies (including Cloud Management and Cloud Migration), and has been a Microsoft Co-Sell Ready Status partner since February 2018. See Microsoft commenting on its partnership with Turbonomic in this video.Key benefits of the new SI Partner program include:With today\u2019s announcement, the Turbonomic Partner Program now includes tracks for systems integrators, solution providers, alliances, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), and distributors. The comprehensive program, rated a 5-Star 2018 Partner Program by CRN, also features additional certification options, enabling partners to highlight their specialties. By aligning the partner program with the business model that cloud partners have come to expect, Turbonomic has positioned itself to continue growing its channel business in fiscal year 2020, which drove over 80 percent of its business in Fiscal Year 2019 (ending on January 31, 2019).\u201cCloud delivers customers agility and elasticity \u2013 as well as exponential complexity. Customers need help managing this complexity in order to avoid sacrificing performance, violating business policies, and overtaxing IT budgets. We delivered over $3 million in annual savings to one of the world\u2019s largest professional services firms \u2013 which they\u2019re reinvesting to accelerate their Azure migration and adoption,\u201d said Chris Sullivan, SVP, Global Channel & Alliances, at Turbonomic. \u201cBy extending our partner program to SIs, we are closely aligning Turbonomic with the world\u2019s leading cloud delivery specialists to provide the next level of support to their customers.\u201dOn the benefit of Turbonomic\u2019s new SI Program for Microsoft partners, Lani Phillips, VP of US Channel Sales at Microsoft, said: \u201cWe rely on ISV\u2019s to develop programs that help the Microsoft ecosystem provide customers with a path to success on Azure. The new SI Program gives integrators the ability to expand their value by helping customers define and implement their journey to Azure through in-depth Turbonomic training, support, and joint go-to-market initiatives.\u201d10th Magnitude is both an Azure SI and early contributor to Turbonomic\u2019s SI Program. JasonRook, VP of Market Developmentat 10th Magnitude, said: \u201cWe\u2019re excited to offer Turbonomic within our portfolio of Azure-related services. Through our mutual relationship with Microsoft, we understand the value Turbonomic brings to customers. While cloud offers tremendous benefits, it requires IT to make more timely and frequent decisions \u2013 continuously and in real-time. The opportunity to automate the decision-making with Turbonomic is a game-changer for us in guiding our customers to the most effective cloud adoption.\u201dSlalom Consulting, one of the largest AWS SIs, participated in the development of Turbonomic\u2019s new SI Program. Garret Carlson, Managing Director at Slalom, said: \u201cTurbonomic\u2019s approach to managing and optimizing workloads, based on the economic principles of supply and demand, is incredibly effective in helping customers assess, plan, migrate \u2013 and once in the cloud continuously optimize. We\u2019re thrilled to have a new path to partnering with Turbonomic and help customers solve this growing and escalating challenge.\u201dFor more information on the new Turbonomic SI program visit https://turbonomic.com/company-system-integrators/.Additional ResourcesAbout Turbonomic\nTurbonomic workload automation for hybrid cloud continuously assures that all workloads get precisely the resources needed to assure performance and lower cost while maintaining policy compliance.Privately held, Boston-based Turbonomic is one of the fastest-growing software companies, backed by leading venture firms including Bain Capital Ventures, General Atlantic, Globespan Capital Partners, Highland Capital Partners and Iconiq Capital. To learn more about Turbonomic, visitturbonomic.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190327005209/en/SOURCE: TurbonomicKatryn McGaughey\n(781) 267-5147\nKatryn.McGaughey@Turbonomic.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Turbonomic Bolsters Partner Program with New Cloud Path for Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure Systems Integrators"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/particle-sciences-invests-in-commercialization-expertise-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 9:01 a.m. ET", "article": "(GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- News ReleaseParticle Sciences Invests in Commercialization ExpertiseCLEVELAND, March 25, 2019 - The Lubrizol Corporation announces its contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO), Particle Sciences, a Lubrizol LifeSciences company, has appointed Karen Bossert as vice president of operations as part of its ongoing strategy to grow and enhance its manufacturing capabilities.Bossert's role will be key to developing and expanding Particle Sciences' clinical trial and commercial drug manufacturing services following the recent launch of its 5,000 sq. ft commercial drug product manufacturing facility at its site in Bethlehem, PA, which is also home to its drug development operations. She brings three decades of experience in pharmaceutical manufacturing operations to the organization, specializing in aseptic processing, lyophilization and commercial scale operations. Bossert previously held roles as vice president for Lyophilization Technology Inc., quality assurance and operations director for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and commercial manufacturing manager for Smithkline Beecham Pharmaceuticals.Barbara Morgan, general manager, at Particle Sciences states, \"It's a pleasure to welcome Karen on board at this exciting time for our business as our new commercial facility becomes fully operational, driving growth in our commercial manufacturing capabilities as well as expanding our offering in the clinical trial manufacturing space. Karen will oversee the operations of the engineering team and the clinical trial and commercial manufacturing groups. With her vast industry experience, she will be key to bringing the same standard of excellence associated with our complex formulation development work into our commercial drug product manufacturing offering.\"Particle Sciences has also continued to invest in equipment and software by purchasing a dedicated pre-filled syringe filler for both clinical and commercial manufacturing and purchasing and validating a Waters NuGenesis Laboratory and Secure Data Management System to further enhance the compliance of laboratory systems. The new facility was built to accommodate the production of complex sterile and non-sterile finished drugs, such as injectables and lyophilized drugs. It forms part of a wider investment by Lubrizol LifeSciences to strengthen its key capabilities, focusing on new product solutions, capacity expansion and additional commercial manufacturing.Over the last three years Particle Sciences has grown its workforce and will continue to grow the team as it expands and develops its manufacturing capabilities.For further information, please visit: particlesciences.comAbout Particle SciencesParticle Sciences, a Lubrizol LifeSciences company, is an integrated provider of drug development services. Particle Sciences focuses on BCS II/III/IV molecules, biologics and highly potent compounds through a variety of technologies including emulsions, gels, micro and nano-particulates, drug/device combination products, solid solutions and others. Particle Sciences is FDA registered and DEA licensed. Through a full range of formulation, analytic and manufacturing services, Particle Sciences provides pharmaceutical companies with a complete and seamless development solution that minimizes the time and risk between discovery and the clinic. The company was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.About Lubrizol LifeSciencesLubrizol LifeSciences is a preferred Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) partner for complex pharmaceuticals and innovative medical devices providing differentiated polymers and excipients, along with state-of-the-art design, development and manufacturing services to the healthcare industry.About The Lubrizol CorporationThe Lubrizol Corporation, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is a market-driven global company that combines complex, specialty chemicals to optimize the quality, performance and value of customers' products while reducing their environmental impact. It is a leader at combining market insights with chemistry and application capabilities to deliver valuable solutions to customers in the global transportation, industrial and consumer markets. Lubrizol improves lives by acting as an essential partner in our customers' success, delivering efficiency, reliability or wellness to their end users. Technologies include lubricant additives for engine oils, driveline and other transportation-related fluids, industrial lubricants, as well as additives for gasoline and diesel fuel. In addition, Lubrizol makes ingredients and additives for home care, personal care and skin care products and specialty materials encompassing polymer and coatings technologies, along with polymer-based pharmaceutical and medical device solutions.With headquarters in Wickliffe, Ohio, Lubrizol owns and operates manufacturing facilities in 17 countries, as well as sales and technical offices around the world. Founded in 1928, Lubrizol has approximately 8,700 employees worldwide. Revenues for 2018 were $6.8 billion. For more information, visit Lubrizol.com.Media ContactsBen Patti(216) 447-582730TBenjamin.patti@lubrizol.com30T30Twww.lubrizol.com/LifeSciences30T###This announcement is distributed by West Corporation on behalf of West Corporation clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: Lubrizol via GlobenewswireCopyright (C) 2019 GLOBE NEWSWIRE. All rights reserved.", "title": "Particle Sciences Invests in Commercialization Expertise"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bnsf-breaks-ground-on-logistics-center-hudson-near-denver-2019-03-06": {"date": "Mar 6, 2019 11:22 a.m. ET", "article": "BNSF Railway (BNSF) today announced construction is underway at its newest logistics center, Logistics Center Hudson. The fully permitted development is designed to help customers more easily reach Denver and surrounding markets via new rail-served sites. Like other BNSF Logistics Centers, customers locating at Hudson can save nine months or more of development time and expense.Logistics Center Hudson addresses the needs of Denver\u2019s growing market. The site is located approximately 25 miles north of Denver International Airport and 30 miles northeast of downtown Denver.It offers unrestricted access to a high population growth area where the industrial market continues to strengthen. Low industrial vacancy rates in the Denver area make Hudson the optimal location for anyone seeking a rail-served site.\u201cThe Town of Hudson is thrilled to have entered into a long-term relationship with BNSF. This logistics center is not only important to Hudson but it now makes the town an important regional center. BNSF has been tremendous to work with and we can't wait to see what the future holds for us,\u201d said Hudson Town Manager Guy Patterson.Logistics Center Hudson is a 430-acre facility featuring 15 sites for customers who wish to ship via individual railcars and a unit train site for customers who ship entire trainloads. The available sites are customizable to meet customers\u2019 needs. In addition to gaining access to the BNSF network, businesses that locate at Hudson will also have easy access to Interstate 76.\u201cEstablishing logistic centers, including the one in Hudson, is the latest way we are working to make sure new, existing and potential customers who want to locate on rail in a densely populated, growing industrial market have the option to do so. By purchasing and developing land in advance, we can help our customers save time and money when they are looking to expand or relocate their facility,\u201d said Colby Tanner, assistant vice president, economic development.BNSF Logistics Centers focus on offering direct rail service in multi-customer, multi-commodity business parks. BNSF invests directly in the development of the facility to create sites in under-served, strategic, end-user markets. These facilities can service carload, unit train customers, or both. To learn more about BNSF\u2019s Premier Parks, Sites and Transloads Program, visit bnsf.com/rail-development.About BNSFBNSF Railway is one of North America\u2019s leading freight transportation companies. BNSFoperatesapproximately 32,500 route miles of track in 28 states and also operates in three Canadian provinces. BNSF is one of the top transporters of consumer goods, grain and agricultural products, low-sulfur coal, and industrial goods such as petroleum, chemicals, housing materials, food and beverages. BNSF\u2019s shipments help feed, clothe, supply, and power American homes and businesses every day. BNSF and its employees have developed one of the most technologically advanced, and efficient railroads in the industry. We work continuously to improve the value of the safety, service, energy, and environmental benefits we provide to our customers and the communities we serve. You can learn more about BNSF at www.BNSF.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190306005562/en/SOURCE: BNSF RailwayJoe Sloan\n303-480-6219\nJoe.Sloan@BNSF.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "BNSF Breaks Ground on Logistics Center Hudson near Denver"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/wasabi-introduces-media-innovation-cloud-alliance-to-deliver-disruptive-best-of-breed-media-processing-priceperformance-for-media-entertainment-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "Boston, MA, Mar 26, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- Boston, MA, March 26, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Wasabi, the hot cloud storage company, announces the Media Innovation Cloud Alliance, a coalition of best-of-breed media technology companies integrating across multiple clouds to deliver a price/performance ratio vastly superior to first-generation cloud providers like Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud Platform.The mission of alliance partners is to enable media companies to affordably leverage independent, next-generation cloud services as an alternative to monolithic first-generation cloud stacks. Services offered by the Alliance span the media lifecycle from content transfer and ingest, to editing and transformation, to playback and delivery, through archiving and library management.Founding Media Innovation Cloud Alliance partners include:The Media Innovation Cloud Alliance provides:A foundational component of the Media Innovation Cloud Alliance is Wasabi, the low-cost, high performance cloud object storage service. Wasabi hot cloud storage performs up to 6x faster than AWS S3, providing rapid access to production work-in-progress and archived content. Designed for exabyte-scale and extreme data durability, Wasabi also features a single high-performance tier with no charge for data egress or API requests. Media companies can easily move their media in and out of Wasabi to take advantage of the best cloud media processing services for any given project.\"Since our founding, Wasabi has been pushing the notion of Cloud 2.0, where workloads can move across multiple clouds without friction or added expense in order to deliver the best finished product at the lowest possible price,\" says Whit Jackson, Wasabi's Vice President of Media and Entertainment. \"We are delighted to be working with this group of media technology and business innovators who are also committed to enabling the full potential of cloud media processing.\"\"As an industry, Media and Entertainment operates with tight profit margins and extreme deadlines,\" says Mark Turner, Media and Entertainment Strategist, and former VP of Strategy at Technicolor. \"Companies are enthusiastic about using best-of-breed cloud services that fit their specific needs, have no financial penalties, and avoid vendor lock-in. I expect the NAB 2019 response to the Media Innovation Cloud Alliance to be overwhelmingly positive as a next-generation cloud alternative to the Big Three.\"Service providers with a commitment to flexibility, efficiency and transparency are welcome to join the Media Innovation Cloud Alliance. For more information on the alliance and to request inclusion, please email MICA@wasabi.com or visit Wasabi at NAB 2019 in Lower South Hall SL14508.For more information on the Media Innovation Cloud Alliance and all partners see:\nhttps://wasabi.com/mica/About Wasabi:Wasabi is the hot cloud storage company delivering disruptive storage technology that is 1/5th the price and up to 6x the speed of Amazon S3 with no additional fees for egress or API Requests. Unlike first generation cloud vendors, Wasabi focuses solely on providing the world's best cloud storage platform. Created by Carbonite co-founders and cloud storage pioneers David Friend and Jeff Flowers, Wasabi is on a mission to commoditize the storage industry. Wasabi is a privately held company based in Boston, MA. Follow and connect with Wasabi on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and our blog.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Wasabi Introduces Media Innovation Cloud Alliance To Deliver Disruptive Best-of-Breed Media Processing Price/Performance for Media & Entertainment"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/fast-food-chains-come-for-the-coffee-stay-for-the-cheeseburgers-and-french-fries-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 24, 2019 10:36 a.m. ET", "article": "Burger King QSR QSR, +1.15%  announced on Friday a new $5 coffee subscription, allowing customers to get one small cup of hot brewed coffee everyday for a month.To access the Burger King Cafe Coffee subscription deal, customers can download the Burger King app. The service only applies to a small hot coffee and cannot be paired with a delivery order.A small cup of coffee at Burger King without the subscription service varies between $1 and $1.29 depending on the market, however the Miami-based chain announced it would drop the price of a small cup of coffee to 50-cents for those who don\u2019t participate in the subscription service starting Monday. A small coffee at Starbucks SBUX, +0.12% to compare, is $1.85; and a small coffee at McDonald\u2019s MCD, +0.33%   is $1.00.\u201cThe competition between Starbucks and McDonald\u2019s and Burger King will continue to intensify,\u201d said Tyler Higgins, managing director and retail practice lead at AArete, a global consultancy.Starbucks is all about coffee, while McDonald\u2019s and Burger King are using coffee to increase traffic, he said. The hope is that people come for the coffee and stay for the cheeseburgers and French fries.The discount coffee comes at time when America is facing an obesity epidemic that some say is fueled by easy access to junk food. In fact, a recent study showed that portion size, calorie count and sodium in entrees, sides and desserts increased significantly at 10 of the top fast-food restaurants in the U.S.That study, published in the peer-reviewed Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, said the findings show menus overall are less healthy than they were 30 years ago, despite the addition of healthier options like veggie burgers, salads and apple slices.The number of customers visiting quick-service restaurants increased by just 1% in 2018, according to market research firm NPD Group.However, cafes are among the quickest-growing segment in the fast-food sector, according to restaurant consultancy Technomic. Coffee house sales grew 41% to $23.4 billion from 2011 to 2017. Mintel predicts sales will reach $28.7 billion by 2021.A number of other fast food restaurants have implemented rewards programs for their coffee programs. McDonald\u2019s \u2013\u2013 which beat out Starbucks, Burger King and Dunkin\u2019 DNKN, +0.99%  coffee in a blind taste test by Consumer Reports Magazine \u2013\u2013 offers customers a free medium McCafe hot beverage when they buy seven hot drinks.Last year, the chain announced it was testing out cold brew, one of the hottest beverages in the coffee sector, in its San Diego market, to presumably compete with giants like Dunkin\u2019 and Starbucks. And it added three new espresso drinks to its coffee menu in 2017, the first addition to the coffee menu since 2009.Other chains are making coffee the main event. Dunkin\u2019 recently dropped the \u201cDonuts\u201d from its name last year. Consumers can earn five points for every $1 spent using the Dunkin\u2019 Perks app and redeem any size free drink for every 200 points earned. Customers can also sign up for the coffee subscription service which features a choice of ground coffee or K-Cups available for at-home delivery.To capitalize on the growing demand for delivery, Starbucks announced earlier this year its partnership with UberEats to deliver coffee, snacks and other items in six major U.S. cities including New York, San Francisco, Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles and Washington D.C. via the UberEats app.Shares of Burger King QSR, +1.15%  are up 21% year-to-date, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.02%  is up 10.8% and the S&P 500 Index SPX, -0.08% is up  12.6%. Shares of Starbucks SBUX, +0.12%  are up 9.7% year to date, while McDonald\u2019s is up 4.4%.Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Fast-food chains: Come for the coffee, stay for the cheeseburgers and french fries"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/upshotai-achieves-aws-digital-customer-experience-competency-status-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 1:57 p.m. ET", "article": "DALLAS, March 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Upshot.ai, the 'Comprehensive Customer Engagement Cloud,' announced today that it has achieved Amazon Web Services (AWS) Digital Customer Experience Competency status. This designation recognizes that Upshot.ai provides proven technology and deep expertise to help enterprises looking to improve digital customer experience. Upshot.ai provides end-to-end solutions for all phases of the digital customer acquisition and retention life cycle. This includes content management and marketing automation, prospect engagement, effective and secure commerce solutions to create seamless buying experiences, and data analytics solutions to support decisions and retain customers.Achieving the AWS Digital Customer Experience Competency differentiates Upshot.ai as an AWS Partner Network (APN) member that provides specialized and demonstrated technical proficiency and proven customer success with a specific focus on workloads based on customer 360 and consulting practice categories. To receive the designation, APN Partners must possess deep AWS expertise and deliver solutions seamlessly on AWS.\"Customer engagement is the 800 pound gorilla carrying the digital age on its back, but no one seems to give it enough thought,\" said Bharath Lingam, CEO, Upshot.ai, adding: \"which is why we created Upshot.ai as a new age customer engagement platform that's super easy to use and enables you to engage with your user in innovative ways. Our clients have regularly experienced higher retention, better NPS, increased revenue, and a boost in customer lifetime value after using Upshot. I'm excited to see Upshot.ai go places with the new AWS Customer Experience distinction.\"AWS is enabling scalable, flexible, and cost-effective solutions from startups to global enterprises. To support the seamless integration and deployment of these solutions, AWS has established the AWS Competency Program to help customers identify Consulting and Technology APN Partners with deep industry experience and expertise.Speaking of the value added by Upshot.ai to their business, Bob Hull, CFO, Panini America, Inc. said: \"Upshot.ai has helped us to have a unified view of our customer behavior across our various apps, and our e-commerce and customer support initiatives. It has a very unique array of engagement actions that has allowed us to create a more personalized relationship with our customers and has helped accelerate our digital revenue streams. Today, Upshot.ai is a critical pillar of our customer experience architecture and one of the best technology decisions we've made.\"Upshot.ai lets companies drive desired audience behavior, such as product usage, repeat purchases, content consumption, etc. Using its omnichannel SDK, companies can capture current audience behavior and via its customizable, AI-powered dashboard deploy more than a dozen nudges to influence audiences toward newer behaviors.Congratulating the Upshot team, Brendan Cooper, Director, Digital Systems, Panini, \"Upshot is driving results on our mobile platforms. It combines actionable analytics, campaign management and powerful tools to shape user behavior. In the first month, upshot created new insights to user segments and enabled fine control over the user's in-app experience.\"About Upshot.ai - Upshot.ai is a unified customer engagement cloud helping companies engage intelligently with their customers to boost omnichannel adoption, conversion, as well as retention. Upshot.ai's capabilities span the entire customer lifecycle, from onboarding to loyalty and advocacy, and rely on a mix of advanced analytics, AI-driven insights, behavioural psychology, learning theory and gamification to give its clients an edge.Find more at www.upshot.aiMedia contact:\nNarendra Peesapati\nnarendra.peesapati@upshot.ai \nPhone: +91 9989923032 View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/upshotai-achieves-aws-digital-customer-experience-competency-status-300815866.htmlSOURCE Upshot.aiCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Upshot.ai Achieves AWS Digital Customer Experience Competency Status"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/ford-names-amazon-veteran-tim-stone-as-cfo-effective-june-1-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 8:18 a.m. ET", "article": "Ford Motor Co. F, -0.36% said Thursday that its Chief Financial Officer Bob Shanks has decided to retire at year-end. The car company said it has named Tim Stone, a 20-year Amazon AMZN, -0.24% veteran and former CFO of Snap Inc. SNAP, -0.56% to succeed Shanks as CFO effective June 1. Ford shares were slightly higher premarket, but have fallen 23% in 2019, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.03% has gained 4%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Ford names Amazon veteran Tim Stone as CFO, effective June 1"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/im-65-my-mortgage-is-paid-off-and-i-have-370000-in-savings-so-why-i-am-still-worried-about-money-2019-03-08": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 11:38 a.m. ET", "article": "Dear Moneyist,Why do I worry so much about money? I\u2019m not a wealthy guy, but I am pretty blessed. I have my military pension of $45,000 annually, savings of $370,000, I own my home valued by Zillow Z, -1.20%  at $300,000 and it\u2019s mortgage-free. I have little to no health-care costs because I am 65, I have Medicare and Tricare for Life, and I have a long-term care policy in place. Oh, I also have zero debt because I rarely use my one credit card and pay off the balance each month.That said, I can\u2019t help but worry about money. I don\u2019t consider myself a spend thrift and have charitable donations between 10% and 15% each year. Most people would laugh to be in my position, I know, but I constantly worry about running out of money. My brother says it\u2019s because our parents had the \u201cDepression mentality.\u201d I do know that mom and dad always taught us to save something from each paycheck and to plan for the rainy day.Now, here I am at 65 and ready to finally retire and I\u2019m scared that I will become penniless. Please, any thoughts to help ease my mind?Scared of being pennilessDear Scared,You\u2019ve been on red alert your whole life. It\u2019s served you well. But there\u2019s no point in paying off your mortgage and saving a healthy six-figure sum, retiring and having medical coverage, if you can\u2019t sit back and enjoy it at the age of 65. Sometimes, it\u2019s good to write things down. Buy a little black book or set up a special folder on your computer so you can see all of your achievements, goals, income and expenditure in black and white. That may also provide a place for you to store your anxieties or, even better, exorcise them. Writing is cathartic and being able to clearly access and mull over your finances should help you relax.Enlist a financial adviser or, better yet, a financial therapist. The Financial Therapy Association takes a holistic approach to managing personal finances, including your history, anxieties, relationships past and present, and your emotional life. Financial therapists understand that most good and bad financial decisions are also emotional ones. One obvious example: Fear and uncertainty can cause stocks to fall and, during the Great Recession, many people bought high and sold low. With hindsight, after a 10-year bull market, that didn\u2019t make a lot of sense.Recommended: The next time you go anywhere, remember the $1 tip is deadNearly one quarter (23%) of people say a lack of emergency savings is the one financial issue that keeps them up at night. You don\u2019t have that problem. Some 22% say they don\u2019t have enough retirement savings. You don\u2019t have that issue either. Another 20% fear they\u2019ll be the victim of some kind of fraud. Forewarned is forearmed. Approximately 19% worry about losing their job. You\u2019re retired. Finally, 9% fret about losing their health insurance and 7% say poor credit keep them awake. You\u2019ve planned ahead regarding your health insurance and you\u2019ve no need to take out any loans.Also see: My boyfriend and I have two kids \u2014 should I pay off his $130,000 student debt?Here are some suggestions from the Moneyist Facebook Group, some of whom said they shared the same feelings of financial anxiety with you. \u201cTransitioning into retirement and from a savings-based financial mind set to spending is difficult and may take several years to get comfortable,\u201d one member wrote. He also said you should list your fears and face them head on. They often add up to a phantom menace. Another suggested focusing on a hobby, sport or even hill-walking, something that gets you outside and looking up at the sky. Exercise has proven to be good for anxiety. Other readers suggest a part-time job to keep your busy.Here are some ways to use the money you have earned for your retirement to buy happiness. Yes, really. They involve adopting a pet or a senior pet who needs a home, if you don\u2019t already have a dog or cat, enriching your life with cultural experiences and travel, and doing what you do already, contributing to charity. Money gives us freedom to make choices, but time is the only really valuable resource we have, so use your time wisely and don\u2019t waste your retirement by being eaten alive by anxieties. Wake up every morning and tell God or the Universe that you are grateful for one thing in your life. Or thank one of these celestial or cosmic entities for giving you the day.Failing that, one trusty member of the Moneyist group has this sobering thought: \u201cTrade places with me. Then your worrying will be justified.\u201dDo you have questions about inheritance, tipping, weddings, family feuds, friends or any tricky issues relating to manners and money? Send them to MarketWatch\u2019s Moneyist and please include the state where you live (no full names will be used).Would you like to sign up to an email alert when a new Moneyist column has been published? If so, click on this link.Hello there, MarketWatchers. Check out the Moneyist private Facebook group, where we look for answers to life\u2019s thorniest money issues. Readers write in to me with all sorts of dilemmas: inheritance, wills, divorce, tipping, gifting. I often talk to lawyers, accountants, financial advisers and other experts, in addition to offering my own thoughts. I receive more letters than I could ever answer, so I\u2019ll be bringing all of that guidance \u2014 including some you might not see in these columns \u2014 to this group. Post your questions, tell me what you want to know more about, or weigh in on the latest Moneyist columns.Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "I\u2019m 65, my mortgage is paid off and I have $370,000 in savings, so why I am still worried about money?"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/peeks-social-receives-ios-approval-and-relisting-to-app-store-2019-03-26-121844943": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 12:49 p.m. ET", "article": "TORONTO, March 26, Mar 26, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- TORONTO, March 26, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Peeks Social Ltd. (PEEK) (otcqb:PKSLF) (\"Peeks Social\" or \"the Company\") is pleased to announce that the Peeks App has been approved by Apple and is once again available for download in the Apple Store. In addition to returning to the Apple Store, the Company is also pleased to announce that it has successfully negotiated with Apple the use of 3 [rd] party payment processing services for purchases on the Peeks Platform. Previously Peeks was obligated to use Apple's in-app purchases at a cost of 30% per transaction and funds settlement period of 45 days. The high cost of in-app payments and the long settlement periods had resulted in a poor quality of service to users and a significant number of user complaints. Similarly, the Company has also migrated approximately 80% of its Android traffic from Google in-app payments to 3 [rd] party payment processing services. Google's fees and settlement periods for in-app payments are similar to Apple; as such the benefits to the Company by virtue of moving to 3 [rd] party payment processing services will be comparable.The new payment processing services cost the Company 2.8% to 10% as opposed to 30%. Settlement periods are typically 2 business days or less. This provides the Company the ability to pay broadcasters more quickly and to provide users discounts on the purchase of content. Long payout cycles have been the main cause of broadcaster complaints and the main hindrance to rapid growth of the business. The faster settlement periods are allowing the Company to get caught up on backlogged broadcaster payouts and facilitating faster payouts to broadcasters.It is management's expectation that the user adoption curve as a result of migrating to 3 [rd] party payment processing services, will result in a temporary decline in transaction volume on the Peeks Platform, followed by a subsequent increase in transaction volume. It is also management's expectation that faster payouts to broadcasters and lower fees to viewers will result in significantly greater broadcaster retention, and subsequently; to a significant increase in overall spending on the Peeks Platform. The Company's operating margin will also significantly increase as a result of lower payment processing fees.Annual General and Special MeetingThe Company will be holding its Annual General and Special Meeting on May 31, 2019. Details of location and time will be released once the company finalizes arrangements.David Vinokurov\nDirector Investor Relations\ndavidv@peeks.com\n416-716-9281(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Peeks Social Receives iOS approval and Relisting to App Store"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/cyber-insurance-market-report-2019-2029-2019-03-06": {"date": "Mar 6, 2019 4:02 p.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Forecasts by Cover Type (Standalone, Packaged), by Company Size (SMEs and Large enterprises), by Service (Insurance, Claim Services, and Risk Consulting), by Type (Cyber Security Insurance, Cyber Liability Insurance, and Technology Errors and Omissions Insurance), and by Industry Vertical (BFSI, Healthcare & Life Science, IT & Services, Retail, and Others) Plus Leading Company Analysis and Regional and Leading National Market Analysis\n\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05200325\n\n\u2022 Do you need definitive cyber insurance market data?\n\u2022 Succinct cyber insurance market analysis?\n\u2022 Technological insight?\n\u2022 Clear competitor analysis?\n\u2022 Actionable business recommendations?\n\nRead on to discover how this definitive report can transform your research and save you time\nVisiongain is publishing this report on the $4.3billion Cyber Insurance market, which is expected to flourish in the next few years because of the increasing number of cyber attacks and also because government policies making cyber insurance mandatory are expected to feed through in the latter part of the decade driving growth to new heights. If you want to be part of this growing industry, then read on to discover how you can maximise your investment potential.\n\nReport highlights\n\u2022 147 quantitative tables, charts, and graphs\n\u2022 Analysis of key players in the Cyber insurance market\n\u2022 Allianz SE\n\u2022 American International Group, Inc.\n\u2022 Aon plc.\n\u2022 Berkshire Hathaway Inc.\n\u2022 Lloyds of London Ltd\n\u2022 Lockton Companies, Inc.\n\u2022 Munich Re\n\u2022 The Chubb Corporation\n\u2022 XL Group Ltd\n\u2022 Zurich Insurance Company Ltd.\n\u2022 Global Cyber Insurance market outlook and analysis from 2019-2029\n\u2022 Cyber Insurance Market Forecasts and Analysis by Cover Type from 2019-2029\n\u2022 Standalone Cover Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Packaged Cover Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Cyber Insurance Market Forecasts and Analysis by Company Size from 2019-2019\n\u2022 Small and Medium Enterprises Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Large Enterprises Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Cyber Insurance Market Forecasts and Analysis by Service from 2019-2019\n\u2022 Insurance Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Claim Services Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Risk Consulting Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Cyber Insurance Market Projections, Analysis and Potential by Type from 2019-2029\n\u2022 Cyber Security Insurance Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Cyber Liability Insurance Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Technology Errors and Omissions Insurance Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Cyber Insurance Market Projections, Analysis and Potential by Industry Vertical from 2019-2029\n\u2022 BFSI Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Healthcare & Life Science Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 IT & Services Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Retail Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Others Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Regional and National Cyber Insurance Market forecasts from 2019-2029\n\u2022 North America Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 US Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Canada and Mexico Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Europe Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 U.K. Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Germany Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 France Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Russia Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Rest of Europe Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Asia-Pacific Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 China Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Japan Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 South Korea Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Singapore Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Australia Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 Rest of Asia-Pacific Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 RoW Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 The Middle East and Africa Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\u2022 South America Cyber Insurance Market Forecast 2019-2029\n\n\u2022 Key questions answered\n\u2022 How is the Cyber insurance market evolving?\n\u2022 What is driving and restraining the market?\n\u2022 What are the market shares of each segment of the overall Cyber insurance market in 2019?\n\u2022 How will each Cyber insurance submarket segment grow over the forecast period and how much revenue will these submarkets account for in 2029?\n\u2022 How will the market shares for each Cyber insurance submarket develop from 2019 to 2029?\n\u2022 How will the market shares of the national markets change by 2029?\n\u2022 Who are the leading players?\n\n\u2022 Target Audience\n\u2022 Leading cyber insurance companies\n\u2022 Suppliers\n\u2022 Contractors\n\u2022 Technologists\n\u2022 R&D staff\n\u2022 Consultants\n\u2022 Analysts\n\u2022 CEO's\n\u2022 CIO's\n\u2022 COO's\n\u2022 Business development managers\n\u2022 Investors\n\u2022 Governments\n\u2022 Agencies\n\u2022 Industry organisations\n\u2022 Banks\n\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05200325\n\nAbout Reportlinker\nReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.\n\n__________________________\nContact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com\nUS: (339)-368-6001\nIntl: +1 339-368-6001View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cyber-insurance-market-report-2019-2029-300807665.htmlSOURCE ReportlinkerCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Cyber Insurance Market Report 2019-2029"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/facebook-stock-falls-as-worry-of-negative-network-effects-prompts-downgrade-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 3:15 p.m. ET", "article": "Shares of Facebook Inc. fell toward a third straight loss Monday, after Needham & Co. analyst Laura Martin downgraded the social-media giant, citing concerns that \u201cnegative network effects\u201d could speed up the destruction of value for investors.Martin cut her rating on the stock to hold, after being at buy for at least the past three years, citing worries that regulatory and headline risks are growing given all the recent senior management defections. She removed her $170 price target, which the stock closed above as recently at Thursday.The stock FB, -0.02% slumped 3.6% in afternoon trade, and has lost 7.7% since closing at a 6 1/2-month high of $173.37 on March 13.Martin said the three risks to Facebook\u2019s stock are:\u2022 The negative financial impact of the company\u2019s \u201cstrategic pivot\u201d toward privacy and encrypted messages.\u2022 Growing risks of regulation.\u2022 The \u201chorrific images\u201d that have been uploaded to Facebook, such the live-streaming of the mass shooting in New Zealand last week, which are technologically difficult to completely block and could hurt the company\u2019s brand.Don\u2019t miss: One year after Zuckerburg\u2019s testimony about violent content on Facebook, has anything changes?Martin said she is concerned that those risks will hurt Facebook\u2019s valuation more than investors currently believe, given the \u201cnegative flywheel\u201d created by \u201cnetwork effects.\u201d She describes networks effects as being based on the notion that the more people who believe something, the more likely the next person will believe it as sell.While networks effects can have both positive and negative effects on value, all the recent senior management departures suggests the effects are tilting toward the negative. The departures include Chief Product Officer Chris Cox, WhatsApp co-founder Jan Koum, Instagram co-founders Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, Chief Security Officer Alex Stamos and Chief Communications Officer Rachel Whetstone.\u201cA \u2018negative network effect\u2019 suggests that departures will continue, and since we believe that people are a key competitive advantage of FAANG companies, this implies accelerating value destruction until senior executive turnover ends,\u201d Martin wrote in a note to clients. \u201cWe prefer to move to the sidelines until we see senior employee turnover stabilize.\u201dFAANG companies refers to shares of technology giants Facebook, Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.03% Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.06% Neflix Inc. NFLX, +0.18% and Google-parent Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.61%  Martin said she believes Facebook is capable of keeping the network effect from swinging to negative, but winning that fight becomes less likely if it must contend with regulatory and headline risk distractions on top of management turnover.Facebook\u2019s stock has run up 11.4% over the past three months but has shed 13.5% over the past 12 months, the only FAANG stock to have lost ground over the past year. In comparison, the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.03%   has gained 11.1% the past three months and has tacked on 2.8% the past year.", "title": "Facebook stock falls as worry of \u2018negative network effects\u2019 prompts downgrade"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/berkshire-hathaway-homeservices-fox-roach-realtors-selects-agent-icon-to-provide-social-media-content-to-all-of-their-agents-2019-03-08": {"date": "Mar 8, 2019 8:30 a.m. ET", "article": "RALEIGH, N.C., March 8, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Fox & Roach, REALTORS\u00ae announced today at a company event, that they are now providing a suite of tools offered by Agent Icon to all of their agents starting immediately. The tools include daily social media images, articles, training and an instant imaging system for social media.Social media has become a primary source for Realtors\u00ae to promote themselves, find new buyers and sellers and provide valuable information in the communities they serve. Real estate professionals often struggle with creating content to post and share. Agent Icon will be sending them the content they need on a daily basis to ensure that they are viewed as icons in their marketplaces. \"We always want to support our agents by providing them the tools they need to be successful.  Social media is a great way for our agents to stay in touch with their clients and find new ones. Agent Icon's products make it easy for our agents to do that and we are thrilled to be able to offer their products to them,\" says Larry Flick, V, Chief Executive Officer, Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Fox & Roach.\"Fox and Roach is known throughout the industry for the innovation and technology they provide their agents. We are excited that they have chosen to provide our social media tools to their agents,\" says Gregory Robbins, Chief Marketing Officer for Agent Icon.About Agent Icon:Agent Icon, LLC provides social media content to agents and brokers which helps them become icons in their communities.  We provide agents daily content to post to social media that includes images, articles and training.  We have thousands of agents from around the world utilizing our tools to create and leverage their brands on social media.Media Contacts:Gregory Robbins                                            Agent Icon, LLC\nChief Marketing Officer         \n210670@email4pr.com     \n919-271-9533\nhttps://www.agenticon.com/ Beth BuxbaumBerkshire Hathaway HomeServices Fox Roach, REALTORS\u00ae\nDirector of Corporate Communications\n210670@email4pr.com     \n610-889-5526Note: REALTOR\u00ae is a federally registered collective membership mark which identifies a real estate professional who is a member of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS\u00ae and subscribes to its strict Code of Ethics.View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/berkshire-hathaway-homeservices-fox--roach-realtors-selects-agent-icon-to-provide-social-media-content-to-all-of-their-agents-300808787.htmlSOURCE Agent IconCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Fox & Roach, REALTORS\u00ae Selects Agent Icon to Provide Social Media Content to All of Their Agents"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/idwm-exploring-strategic-relationships-and-alternatives-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 8:30 a.m. ET", "article": "IDW Media Holdings, Inc. \u201cIDWM\u201d (otcqx:IDWM), an integrated media company, announced today that it has initiated a review of strategic relationships and alternatives to maximize stockholder value and to realize the full potential of its vast content library and pipeline. IDWM has retained J.P. Morgan to assist in the review process.\u201cIDWM continues to build on its extensive library of widely followed and critically acclaimed graphic novels and comics, as well as its slate of current and planned television series, including some of the strongest and most innovative franchises in the industry,\u201d said Howard Jonas, IDWM\u2019s Chairman and CEO.\u201cAs competition for audience continues to intensify on both traditional and streaming, over-the-top platforms, IDWM is well positioned to produce and feed stellar programming in domestic and international markets,\u201d Mr. Jonas added. \u201cConsequently, we are working to extend our reach through new strategic partnerships while examining other alternatives to realize the full value of IDWM\u2019s outstanding IP portfolio and pipelines.\u201cThere can be no assurance that our review process will result in any transaction. We have not established a timetable for completion of the review process, and we do not intend to comment further on the process unless and until a transaction or other alternative is approved by the Board of Directors, our review process is concluded, or we determine that further disclosure is appropriate,\u201d Mr. Jonas concluded.All statements above that are not purely about historical facts, including, but not limited to, those in which we use the words \u201cbelieve,\u201d \u201canticipate,\u201d \u201cexpect,\u201d \u201cplan,\u201d \u201cintend,\u201d \u201cestimate,\u201d \u201ctarget\u201d and similar expressions, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment of what may happen in the future, actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied by these statements due to numerous important factors. Our filings with the SEC provide detailed information on such statements and risks, and should be consulted along with this release. To the extent permitted under applicable law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.About IDW Media HoldingsIDW Media Holdings, Inc. (otcqx:IDWM) is a fully integrated media company. IDWM\u2019s businesses include IDW Publishing - a leading American publisher of comic books and graphic novels, IDW Games, IDW Entertainment \u2013 a producer and distributor of franchise content through television and other animated media, Top Shelf Productions, the San Diego Comic Art Gallery, and CTM Media Group Inc. CTM Media Group Inc. is one of North America\u2019s largest distributors of information for tourists and travelers.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190325005183/en/SOURCE: IDW Media Holdings, Inc.Investor Relations ContactWilliam Ulrey\nInvestor Relations\nIDW Media Holdings\nwilliam.ulrey@idwmh.com\n973-438-3034Copyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "IDWM Exploring Strategic Relationships and Alternatives"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/dad-who-used-250000-worth-of-facebook-shares-to-get-his-daughter-into-ucla-ugh-this-could-be-a-front-page-story-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 12:59 p.m. ET", "article": "Well, unfortunately for Bruce Isackson, they\u2019re clearly getting into \u201cthe meat and potatoes\u201d of the college-admissions scam.And, yes, definitely front-page news.That quotation was apparently recorded by William \u201cRick\u201d Singer, the college admissions consultant and central figure in the scandal, when he wore an FBI wire to Isackson\u2019s home in the tony Bay Area suburb of Hillsborough, Calif., according to the Los Angeles Times.Singer, as part of his cooperation deal with the government in a bid for leniency, met with Isackson, who allegedly \u201cdonated\u201d $250,000 in Facebook stock FB, +0.84% to help get his daughter into UCLA.Read: Meet the YouTube star caught up in the scamLauren Isackson\u2019s case, however, was unique.While other fake athletes bribed their way into schools and, of course, never actually played, Isackson, due to UCLA\u2019s own rules, was required to join the soccer team for at least a year, the Times reported.The only problem: She wasn\u2019t much of player.In fact, prosecutors say she never even played competitive soccer. Yet, there she was, taking a spot among what was heralded as the second-best recruiting class in the nation, alongside the year\u2019s top recruit, a Canadian national-team member and five players on the U.S. youth national team.Isackson donned the No. 41 jersey on the 2017 team. No other player on the squad, which would ultimately finish runner-up to national champion Stanford, wore a jersey number higher than 28.A 2017 media guide describes Isackson as a practice player. Her \u201cgreatest athletic thrill\u201d listed in her biography had nothing to do with soccer. Apparently, she\u2019s more skilled at horseback, a favorite endeavor for the Hillsborough elite.Isackson, while no longer a player, still reportedly attends UCLA, while Jorge Salcedo, UCLA\u2019s men\u2019s soccer coach, has been placed on leave after allegedly submitting a \u201cfalsified soccer profile\u201d to the university, the Times said.Prosecutors say Salcedo received $100,000 from Singer, as part of the 2,150 shares of Facebook stock that was given to his \u201ccharity.\u201dAfter Isackson was admitted to UCLA, her mom thanked Singer in an email, according to the affidavit. \u201cI know it has been a rough ride,\u201d Davina Isackson reportedly wrote, \u201cbut I thank you from the bottom of my heart and soul for your persistence, creativity and commitment toward helping [our daughter].\u201dAlso in Key Words: Pete Buttigieg on what he\u2019d do with Mike Trout money; admissions-scandal dad on avoiding the headlines; Dutch economist Rutger Bregman on taxes and Tucker; New Zealand\u2019s premier on the power of silence", "title": "Dad who paid $250,000 in Facebook shares to get his daughter into UCLA: Ugh, this could be a front-page story"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/adoption-of-arrowstreams-quality-incident-management-solution-continues-to-grow-2019-02-26": {"date": "Feb 26, 2019 8:30 a.m. ET", "article": "CHICAGO, Feb 26, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- CHICAGO, Feb. 26, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ArrowStream, Inc. (\"ArrowStream\"), the leader in supply chain visibility software for the foodservice industry, announced American Dairy Queen Corporation (ADQ) has implemented ArrowStream's Quality Incident Management solution to increase the transparency of, and to quickly resolve, quality issues with their suppliers and distributors.ArrowStream first announced the launch of Quality Incident Management in 2018 as part of their existing platform which helps improve supply chain visibility, inventory management and contract price compliance. The adoption of Quality Incident Management continues to grow as more and more restaurant chains need to track and resolve restaurant-level product quality and service incidents more efficiently, as well as improve collaboration among their suppliers and distributors. Customers using Quality Incident Management see a 50% reduction in the time it takes to track, follow and close quality events, and have improved credit recovery by 20%.The Dairy Queen(R) system is among the many restaurant chains taking the next step towards true collaboration around food quality and safety and to see the value of quality management technology for its franchisees and restaurants. While enhancing their master data management and supply chain technology last year, ADQ chose to replace their quality management application with ArrowStream's Quality Incident Management solution.\"Selecting ArrowStream for quality management made sense for us,\" said Kelley Thompson, Distribution Support and Analysis Manager at ADQ. \"It's part of a great package that we were already leveraging for supply chain visibility and inventory and contract management. ArrowStream encapsulates all our supply chain data into one platform and now we also gain analytics on quality incidents to establish KPIs.\"In addition, ADQ anticipates improvements when recovering credits and with collaboration among their supply chain partners. Prior to using ArrowStream's Quality Incident Management, ADQ was unable to tie invoices to credits which created difficulties for tracking and reporting, especially for its distributors. ArrowStream's platform allows invoice attachments, increasing overall visibility and alignment with their distribution centers.\"Our distributors and suppliers were quick to adopt Quality Incident Management and we have 100 percent participation from our trading partners for contracted products,\" said Thompson. \"Having a single platform and process to collect quality data, communicate and resolve quality issues easily has made a positive impact on our business and relationships.\"\"Our network continues to rapidly expand onto our quality management solution. We have over 9,000 stores, 76 DC locations and over 1,300 suppliers using Quality Incident Management,\" said Jeff Dorr, Chief Customer Officer at ArrowStream. \"We are thrilled to have ADQ join our quality network and we look forward to further supporting them by helping to solve their quality management challenges.\"Earlier this year, ArrowStream announced 2018 as their fifth consecutive year of record growth, partnering with 17 new clients.About International Dairy Queen:International Dairy Queen Inc., (IDQ), based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is the parent company of American Dairy Queen Corporation. Through its subsidiaries, IDQ develops, licenses and services a system of more than 7,000 locations in the United States, Canada and 25 other countries. IDQ is a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire) which is led by Warren Buffett, the legendary investor and CEO of Berkshire. For more information visit DairyQueen.com.About ArrowStreamFounded in 2000, ArrowStream is a foodservice supply chain technology company that helps clients capitalize on data to improve their business. ArrowStream serves hundreds of restaurant operators, distributors and food manufacturers. For more information, please visit www.arrowstream.com.Media Contact:Kate HubbardArrowStream, Inc.khubbard@arrowstream.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Adoption of ArrowStream's Quality Incident Management Solution Continues to Grow"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/braze-expands-leadership-adding-industry-expertise-to-team-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 2:30 p.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Braze, the leading global customer engagement platform that delivers personalized messaging experiences across push, email, apps, and more, today announced the hiring of Warrick Godfrey as VP of Industry Solutions. Warrick Godfrey will lead the charge for the company's industry-focused approach, using the Braze platform to deepen customer engagement and ROI at a time of rapid change in consumer behavior, marketing channels, and the competitive landscape.Prior to joining Braze, Godfrey was a senior leader in the Middle East's leading marketplace, Souq.com which was acquired by Amazon in 2017. There he led regional marketing for the Middle East and North Africa region. He brings over 15 years experience to the company, grounded in digital marketing, mobile, and eCommerce technology from Amazon, Namshi, and Facebook.\"As we transition into the next chapter for Braze, we're further capitalizing on the successes and developments we've made in industries such as retail, eCommerce, entertainment, and travel to deliver innovative capabilities that enable brands to stay ahead of rapidly evolving customer expectations,\" said Dan Head, Chief Revenue Officer at Braze. \"Warrick is the right choice to champion our foray into providing industry-specific solutions at scale. His hands-on experience growing Souq & Amazon MENA's standard-setting business will be invaluable as we look to further develop the specific capabilities demanded by each distinct market sector.\"Braze is dedicating concentrated effort to providing solutions that cater to various industry-specific needs as they relate to the complete digital customer journey. With the Braze platform, retailers and eCommerce businesses can maximize returns from peak seasons and events like Black Friday as a result of delivering tailored communications to an individual at the scale enabled by the Braze architecture. Braze currently works with retail brands such as eBates, Gap, Jet.com, Namshi, Overstock, and Souq. Learn more here for information on Braze platform solutions for retailers.About Braze (formerly Appboy)Braze (formerly Appboy) is a customer engagement platform that delivers messaging experiences across push, email, apps, and more. Braze is built specifically for today's mobile-first world and tomorrow's ambient computing future. Braze is set apart as the platform that allows for real-time and continuous data streaming, replacing decades-old databases that aren't built for today's on-demand, always-connected customer. With data, technology, and teams working together in unison, the Braze platform makes marketing more authentic, brands more human, and customers more satisfied with every experience. Braze is a venture-backed company with hundreds of employees. Offices are located in New York City, San Francisco, London, and Singapore. We've been named a Leader in the Forrester Wave\u2122: Mobile Engagement Automation, Q3 2017 evaluation, recognized by Forbes Cloud 100 at #85, ranked #225 on Inc.'s 500 Fastest Growing Private Companies, and listed as #21 in the Deloitte Technology Fast 500 List. Learn more at Braze.com.  Stephanie Cortez \nCommunications Manager  \npress@braze.com View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/braze-expands-leadership-adding-industry-expertise-to-team-300814092.htmlSOURCE BrazeCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Braze Expands Leadership Adding Industry Expertise to Team"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nvidia-teams-with-amazon-web-services-to-bring-ai-to-millions-of-connected-devices-2019-03-18-20184258": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 8:02 p.m. ET", "article": "SAN JOSE, Mar 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SAN JOSE, Calif., March 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- GPU Technology Conference--NVIDIA today announced a collaboration with Amazon Web Services (AWS) IoT on NVIDIA [(R)] Jetson(TM) to enable customers to deploy AI and deep learning to millions of connected devices.This joint solution enables models to be easily created, trained and optimized on AWS, then deployed to Jetson-powered edge devices using AWS IoT Greengrass.The NVIDIA Jetson platform offers AI at the edge with high-performance and power-efficient computing. Applications include autonomous machines and smart cameras for industries such as retail, manufacturing, agriculture and more.AWS IoT Greengrass seamlessly extends AWS to edge devices, including machine learning inference, so they can act locally on the data they generate while still using the cloud for management, analytics and durable storage. Jetson-powered devices perform inference at the edge to take near real-time action using AWS IoT Greengrass. Data is then sent back to machine learning services such as Amazon SageMaker to improve model accuracy.Jetson comes with a comprehensive set of software tools and SDKs, including NVIDIA JetPack(TM). It also supports multiple frameworks such as MXNet, Caffe, TensorFlow and PyTorch, so developers can use these algorithms to quickly deploy real-world applications.\"Jetson is a high-performance computer that's built on the same architecture and unified software that powers the world's fastest supercomputers,\" said Deepu Talla, vice president and general manager of Autonomous Machines at NVIDIA. \"We offer the new Jetson Nano all the way to Jetson AGX Xavier, so IoT devices can now scale from small IoT devices to powerful IoT gateways.\"Jetson and AWS IoT Greengrass make it easy to deploy machine learning models optimized to run on IoT devices. Customers can save bandwidth and cost by running near real-time inference directly on a Jetson-powered device instead of sending data to the cloud first.A Variety of Use Cases Made Smarter\nJetson brings AI to applications that were once unimaginable. In high-precision agriculture, Jetson-powered cameras running AWS IoT Greengrass can target weeds in near real time, capture previously unidentified weeds, upload anomalies to the cloud, and retrain and deploy the model quickly. This powerful technology combination makes agriculture smarter and more efficient to help feed the world's growing population.For automated optical inspection, product defects can be quickly identified on factory floors to avoid delays on manufacturing assembly lines. This increases productivity and minimizes losses to improve overall operational efficiency.In retail, Jetson-powered devices can monitor inventory, customer behavior, and checkout and process data on the edge, using AWS IoT Greengrass to deploy trained neural networks. This brings operational efficiencies and scale to the retail industry.AWS will be showcasing a variety of IoT, machine learning and robotics demonstrations powered by Jetson devices at NVIDIA GTC this week. Stop by AWS booth 1221 or the Jetson pavilion 1543 and 1545 to see AWS IoT Greengrass and Jetson in action.About NVIDIANVIDIA's NVDA, -0.80% invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI -- the next era of computing -- with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/.For further information, contact:\nKristin Uchiyama\nSr. PR Manager, Autonomous Machines\nNVIDIA Corporation\n+1-408-313-0448\nkuchiyama@nvidia.comCertain statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements as to: NVIDIA collaborating with AWS to enable customers to deploy AI and deep learning to millions of connected devices; AWS IoT Greengrass enabling NVIDIA Jetson to deploy AI for edge devices and models to be created, trained and deployed to Jetson-powered edge devices; the benefits, impact, performance and abilities of the NVIDIA Jetson platform and AWS IoT Greengrass, including in high-precision agriculture, automated optical inspection and retail; Jetson being built on the same architecture and software that powers the world's fastest computers; NVIDIA's Jetson offerings that enable IoT to scale from small devices to powerful gateways; Jetson and AWS IoT Greengrass making it easy to deploy machine learning models optimized to run on IoT devices and their ability to save customers bandwidth and cost by running inference on Jetson-powered devices; Jetson bringing AI to applications that were once unimaginable; and AWS' showcase of products at GTC are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners' products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the most recent reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including, but not limited to, its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company's website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.(C) 2019 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, NVIDIA AGX, NVIDIA Jetpack, NVIDIA Jetson and Xavier are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability and specifications are subject to change without notice.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "NVIDIA Teams with Amazon Web Services to Bring AI to Millions of Connected Devices"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-on-track-to-surpass-microsoft-as-most-valuable-company-by-market-cap-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 9:09 a.m. ET", "article": "Apple Inc.'s stock AAPL, +1.00% surged 1.3% in premarket trade Thursday, after a Needham upgrade to strong buy, which put the company on track to retake its position as the most valuable U.S. company by market capitalization. With 4.715 billion shares outstanding as of Jan. 18, according to the latest SEC filings, Apple's stock gain is set to raise its market cap to $898.5 billion from $887.2 billion on Wednesday. That would knock Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.55% down to second place, as the software giant's premarket stock drop of 0.4% implies a market cap of $898.0 billion, down from Wednesday's $901.6 billion. Amazon.com Inc.'s stock AMZN, -0.15% is down 0.1% ahead of the open, which would keep the e-commerce and cloud giant in third place with an implied market cap of $881.7 billion. Apple's stock has surged 19.3% year to date, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.03% has gained 10.4%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple on track to surpass Microsoft as most valuable company by market cap"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/amazon-is-prime-territory-for-drunk-shoppers-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 9:09 a.m. ET", "article": "When it comes to drinking and shopping, Amazon is a top destination.Amazon AMZN, +0.54%   is the No. 1 site people go to shop after imbibing, a new survey by tech and business newsletter The Hustle found.Shoppers spent an average of $444 per year on purchases they bought while they were drinking beer, wine or liquor, according to the survey of more than 2,000 alcohol-drinking adults. Of the purchases they made, 85% were from Amazon. The average age of respondents was 36, with an income of $92,000, more than twice the national average. Women were slightly more likely to shop drunk: 80% said they had done it, compared to 78% of men. But men spent more money than women on their drunken purchases: an average of $448 a year compared to $441.Amazon did not respond immediately to a request for comment, and neither did any of the other online retailers named in the survey.Drunk shoppers are also apparently bargain-conscious and looking for one-of-a-kind finds: 21% visit auction marketplace Ebay EBAY, +0.49% and 12% shop at the handmade-centric Etsy ETSY, -0.18% Some 9% pick Target TGT, +1.40%  ; and 5% shop at Walmart WMT, +0.15%  , according to the survey. Clothing and shoes are among the most popular drunk purchases for shoppers online.Apparently drunk shopping reaches its peak after dinner time: Other research on the trend found that shopping while intoxicated is more common after 9 p.m. Retailers capitalize on that by advertising more sales when shoppers are likely to have had a few drinks.For consumers who want to avoid a financial hangover there\u2019s even an app \u2014 DrnkPay \u2014 designed to stop people from overspending after they\u2019ve been to a bar. And apps like Cold Turkey will block certain sites altogether.Amazon is expected to account for 47.0% of the e-commerce market in the U.S. by the end of 2019, up from 44.8% in 2018, according to eMarketer. The Jeff Bezos-backed e-commerce giant has lured in consumers with its Prime subscription membership which costs $12.99 a month or $119 a year and offers free two-day shipping; free two-hour delivery service in some areas; access to Prime Video and Prime Music; and discounts at Whole Foods AMZN, +0.54% It had 101 million members as of January.Nearly half (48%) of Amazon Prime members shop online at least once a week or more and nearly three-quarters (74%) shop online at least every few weeks, according to a separate report from Feedvisor.Shares of Amazon are up 18.3% this year, compared to a 9.3% increase for the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.55%   and an 11.6% increase for the S&P 500 SPX, +0.72%Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Amazon is prime territory for drunk shoppers"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/supplyframe-and-arduino-announce-the-ultimate-challenge-2019-02-26": {"date": "Feb 26, 2019 10:00 a.m. ET", "article": "PASADENA, Calif., Feb. 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Arduino has just sparked a new industrial revolution!Previously linked to serious hobbyist and maker communities, Arduino has recently joined forces with Mouser Electronics, Microchip, and Supplyframe to create one of the largest competitions for professional engineers. The Ultimate Arduino Challenge will launch in Germany at the Embedded World Conference on February 26th. Arduino is often at the foundation of many engineering projects. From home automation to agriculture, from security systems to health-care, this platform has plenty of potential. \"You [can] think of hardware as a piece of culture you want to share with other people. You don't need anyone's permission to create something great just go and make it. Arduino is making it possible for engineers to build something that can change the world,\" states Arduino Founder Massimo Banzi. This initiative aims to move things a step (or twelve) further. \"At Mouser Electronics, we are committed to empowering innovation in engineering around the world,\" says Kevin Hess, Mouser's Senior Vice President of Marketing. \"By partnering with Arduino, Microchip, and Supplyframe for this incredible design competition, Mouser shows support for the engineers who are creating solutions for the challenges of tomorrow.\"Participants in the challenge will have numerous opportunities throughout the competition to win hardware and prizes and we're looking forward to seeing the incredible things that engineers will create with this platform. Arduino is Making Engineers' Lives Easier!The winner of this challenge will receive an all-expenses paid trip to tour the Arduino factory in Turin, Italy. Media Contact: \nAsfara Noormohamed\nPhone: (626) 793-7732  \nEmail: anoormohamed@supplyframe.comRelated Imagesthe-ultimate-arduino-challenge.png\nThe Ultimate Arduino Challengearduino-sponsors.png\nArduino Sponsorsround-1-arduino-idea-sprint.png\nRound 1: Arduino Idea SprintRelated LinksSupplyframe FacebookSupplyframe InstagramView original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/supplyframe-and-arduino-announce-the-ultimate-challenge-300802236.htmlSOURCE SupplyframeCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Supplyframe and Arduino Announce the Ultimate Challenge"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/open-for-business-shop-amazons-curated-storefront-for-the-2019-coachella-valley-music-and-arts-festival-2019-03-27": {"date": "Mar 27, 2019 8:55 a.m. ET", "article": "AMZN, -0.25% \u2013 Today, Amazon opened its curated storefront for the 2019 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. This new festival-inspired storefront gives customers the ability to order all of their festival essentials \u2014 either in advance for delivery to their home or to an Amazon pickup point, or by shipping directly to an Amazon Locker located inside the gates of Coachella.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190327005414/en/The curated Coachella storefront on amazon.com offers festival essentials approved by Coachella for delivery to an Amazon Locker inside the festival gates. The store features an array of items to help customers make the most out of their experience, from categories like fashion & accessories, beauty, health & wellness, tech, and camping. Items available include sunglasses, sunscreen, pain relievers, bug spray, portable fans, disposable cameras, nail art, and more. Customers can shop and ship these festival essentials at amazon.com/Coachella.\"Our Amazon festival storefront is a one-stop shop for Coachella attendees. From functional items like sunscreen and hand sanitizer, to trendy accessories like instant-print cameras and aviator sunglasses, we\u2019ve got festival-goers covered,\" said Patrick Supanc, Amazon Worldwide Director of Lockers and Pickup. \u201cCombined with the first-ever Amazon Lockers located inside the festival grounds, we are helping attendees spend less time worrying about packing and more time enjoying the experience of a lifetime that is Coachella.\"Coachella 2019 takes place across two weekends in April: Weekend 1 is April 12-14 and Weekend 2 is April 19-21. Amazon shipping timelines for these dates are as follows:Shipping to an Amazon Locker at Coachella is easy. During checkout, starting April 11 at 6 a.m. PT, customers will select one of the Amazon Lockers named \u201cCoachella,\u201d all located in zip code 92201, as their shipping address. Once their package is ready for pickup, customers will receive an e-mail with a barcode that they\u2019ll use to pick up their package from one of the Amazon Lockers located within the venue. Amazon team members will be onsite to answer any questions from customers picking up their packages.To celebrate the first-ever appearance of Amazon Lockers at Coachella, Amazon is giving away two VIP passes to Weekend 2 of the festival, as well as $3,000 for travel and accommodation. The winner and a guest will get to see their favorite artists and experience an Amazon Locker at Coachella firsthand. Customers interested in entering can visit amazon.com/Coachellagiveaway for more details and the official rules. The winner will be awarded by a random drawing to be held on or about April 6, 2019.Amazon Lockers are available in more than 900 cities and towns across the U.S. as an alternative, secure, and convenient delivery option available at no additional cost.Amazon Lockersare one of the many pickup points that Amazon offers to bring the ultimate convenience to customers. Other pickup points includeAmazon Pickup Locations in neighborhoods, cities and campuses across the U.S., andHub by Amazonfor apartment buildings.For more information about Amazon Lockers at Coachella, visitamazon.com/Coachella.AboutAmazonAmazonis guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment byAmazon, AWS,Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered byAmazon. For more information, visitwww.amazon.com/aboutand follow @AmazonNews.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190327005414/en/SOURCE: AmazonAmazon.com, Inc.\nMedia Hotline\nAmazon-pr@amazon.com\nwww.amazon.com/prCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Open for Business: Shop Amazon\u2019s Curated Storefront for the 2019 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/indian-button-cell-market-2019---analysis-outlook-by-letter-code-type-package-size-application-region-and-company-2014-2024-2019-03-01": {"date": "Mar 1, 2019 5:50 a.m. ET", "article": "Dublin, March 01, Mar 01, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- Dublin, March 01, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The \"India Button Cell Market By Letter Code Type (L, S, P, C, B, G, Z), By Package Size (4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 16, 20, 23, 24, 44), By Application (Timekeeping, Electric Meters, Lighting & Others), Competition, Forecast & Opportunities, 2014-2024\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The India button cell market was valued at more than $59 million in 2018 and is projected to cross $88 million by 2024, exhibiting a CAGR of over 7% during 2019-2024, owing to growing government initiatives and increasing demand from Tier-II and Tier-III cities.Starting from April 2019, the Government of India is targeting to replace all conventional meters with smart prepaid meters, which would increase the demand for button cells in the country. Moreover, technological advancements such as phasing out of mercury usage in button cells and miniaturization of electronic devices and button cells are boosting the competition among button cell manufacturers.In order to cope up with the increasing cost, manufacturers of button cells, electronics, and button cell holder/retainer are focusing on producing low-cost products. For instance, in 2014, Memory Protection Devices Inc. (MPD), a coin cell/battery cell holder and retainer provider, introduced new cell battery strap, which requires less raw materials.Years considered for this report:\n\nHistorical Years: 2014-2017\nBase Year: 2018\nEstimated Year: 2019\nForecast Period: 2020-2024\n\nObjective of the Study:Competitive LandscapeSome of the major players operating in the India button cell market are Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd., Panasonic Corporation, Maxell Holdings, Ltd., Energizer Holdings, Inc., Toshiba Corporation, Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Duracell International Inc.), Seiko Instruments Inc., Renata AG SA, Camelion Battery Company Limited, East (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd., etc.Competition Matrix: Benchmarking of leading 10 players on the basis of letter code type offered.\n\nVoice of Customer: Customer Analysis by considering below mentioned parameters - Brand Awareness, Brand Recall, and Brand Satisfaction. In addition, customer analysis has been provided on the basis of factors influencing purchase decision, challenges/issues faced post purchase, and unmet needs.\n\nCompany Profiles: Detailed analysis of the major companies operating in the India button cell market.Key Topics Covered\n\n1. Button Cell: Product Overview\n\n2. Research Methodology\n\n3. Analyst View\n\n4. India Button Cell Market Outlook\n4.1. Market Size & Forecast\n4.1.1. By Value & Volume\n4.2. Market Share & Forecast\n4.2.1. By Letter Code Type (L, S, P, C, B, G, Z)\n4.2.2. By Package Size (4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 16, 20, 23, 24, 44)\n4.2.3. By Application (Timekeeping, Electric Meters, Lighting, General Memory Backup including SRAM, Others)\n4.2.4. By Region (North, West, South, East)\n4.2.5. By Company\n4.3. Market Attractiveness Index\n\n5. North India Button Cell Market Outlook\n5.1. Market Size & Forecast\n5.1.1. By Value & Volume\n5.2. Market Share & Forecast\n5.2.1. By Letter Code Type\n5.2.2. By Package Size\n5.2.3. By Application\n\n6. West India Button Cell Market Outlook\n6.1. Market Size & Forecast\n6.1.1. By Value & Volume\n6.2. Market Share & Forecast\n6.2.1. By Letter Code Type\n6.2.2. By Package Size\n6.2.3. By Application\n\n7. South India Button Cell Market Outlook\n7.1. Market Size & Forecast\n7.1.1. By Value & Volume\n7.2. Market Share & Forecast\n7.2.1. By Letter Code Type\n7.2.2. By Package Size\n7.2.3. By Application\n\n8. East India Button Cell Market Outlook\n8.1. Market Size & Forecast\n8.1.1. By Value & Volume\n8.2. Market Share & Forecast\n8.2.1. By Letter Code Type\n8.2.2. By Package Size\n8.2.3. By Application\n\n9. Pricing Analysis\n\n10. Supply Chain Analysis\n\n11. Import & Export Analysis\n\n12. Market Dynamics\n12.1. Drivers\n12.2. Challenges\n\n13. Market Trends & Developments\n\n14. Policy & Regulatory Landscape\n\n15. Voice of Customer\n15.1. Brand Awareness\n15.2. Brand Recall\n15.3. Brand Satisfaction\n15.4. Factors Influencing Purchase Decision\n15.5. Challenges/Issues Faced Post Purchase\n15.6. Unmet Needs\n\n16. India Economic Profile\n\n17. Competitive Landscape\n17.1. Competition Matrix\n17.2. Company Profiles\n17.2.1. Murata Manufacturing Co. Ltd.\n17.2.2. Panasonic Corporation\n17.2.3. Maxell Holdings Ltd.\n17.2.4. Energizer Holdings Inc.\n17.2.5. Toshiba Corporation\n17.2.6. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Duracell International Inc.)\n17.2.7. Seiko Instruments Inc.\n17.2.8. Renata AG S.A.\n17.2.9. Camelion Battery Company Limited\n17.2.10. East (Shenzhen) Technology Co. Ltd.\n\n18. Strategic Recommendations\n\nFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/bwm5d5/indian_button?w=12(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Indian Button Cell Market, 2019 - Analysis & Outlook by Letter Code Type, Package Size, Application, Region and Company (2014-2024)"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-uber-for-breakups-can-help-you-move-out-of-your-exs-place-for-up-to-500-2019-02-20": {"date": "Mar 24, 2019 10:40 a.m. ET", "article": "Love & Money is a MarketWatch series looking at how our relationship with money impacts our relationships with significant others, friends and family.Breaking up is that hard to do \u2014 and a new company wants to help you soften the blow.Onward is a new on-demand service that helps people pack, find housing, move out and move on when a relationship enters Splitsville.Starting at $99, the New York City-based service offers a 10-day plan for short and long-term housing \u2014 such as a hotel, Airbnb, new apartment or co-living space \u2014 along with options and discounts for storage, moving services, packing and access to events to help singles beef up their social calendars. A 30-day, $175 package helps newly single folks furnish their new home, have someone assist with address and utility changes, and get discounts on moving company rates.If you really can\u2019t be bothered with logistics, $500 will get you squared away with finding new housing, assembled furniture in your new pad, a customized new neighborhood guide with recommendations for restaurants, bars, gyms and health studios and access to self-care options such as therapy or lawyers if needed for a three-month period.New York-based Onward co-founders and childhood friends Lindsay Meck, 34, and Mika Leonard, 33, say they started the company after both suffered breakups of their own six months apart.\u201cWe both had to move out and restart our lives. I was seeing a lot of the similarities between the emotional and logistical turmoil of it all,\u201d Meck told MarketWatch. \u201cIt was really challenging and, typically, after a breakup you have to get going quite fast.\u201dThe company soft-launched on Valentine\u2019s Day in New York City and, the founders say, has since received almost 100 inquiries. The demographics are an even split of men and women, aged 25 to 40, the company said. They plan to roll out in other cities like Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago and D.C. in the coming year.It\u2019s the latest in a slew of new apps and services hoping to capitalize on time-poor and cash-rich people who yearn to take the awkwardness out of life. Instead of actually meeting people organically, for example, the app Meetup allows users to attend events based on their interests \u2014 from outdoor exploration to music and technology \u2014 so people can connect with other members and essentially meet friends on-demand.Instead of having to ask a friend to pay you back for that coffee or lunch they owe you, mobile payment apps like Venmo eliminate the in-person conversation and cut right to the chase with a notification instead. In 2017, startup called Juicero offered pre-sold packets of chopped up fruits and vegetables to users willing to fork over $400 for the machines to do the dicing for them. People soon discovered they could squeeze the packets just as easily by hand.There does, however, appear to be a market to help couples who are splitting up. A number of studies show that couples who co-habitate before marriage have a greater risk of splitting up, considering a little more than 50% of cohabiting couples ever get married.Experts say having a service like this could help \u2014 as long as you\u2019re not using it to avoid conflict or numb the pain or awkwardness related with severing ties with a partner. Having difficult conversations with your partner is healthy, they say, and processing how you feel is good.\u201cBe considerate of the importance of navigating how you end the relationship,\u201d said Dr. Shaun Wehle, a clinical psychologist based in Indiana. \u201cIt\u2019s a hard thing to deal with goodbyes. There\u2019s richness in having the complex conversation.\u201dIn other words, don\u2019t just ghost your ex by moving out when he or she is not there. And don\u2019t end the relationship, if at all possible, with a big fight either. \u201cIt could go both ways,\u201d Wehle said. \u201cYou could be using it as a helpful service, but some benefits are going to be lost if you don\u2019t have the challenging conversation of goodbye.\u201dThat said, Wehle said the service could be especially vital for those who experienced a turbulent relationship and don\u2019t want to look back.A number of break-up themed businesses have opened in recent months trying to bank on heartbreak. An appropriately named BreakUp Bar in Hollywood, Calif. opened as a pop-up venue in time for Valentine\u2019s Day this year giving singles a watering hole to flock to and not have to be surrounded by lovers.But some of these services don\u2019t come cheap: For a starting rate of $1,200, there\u2019s a luxe Renew Breakup Bootcamp, which holds three-day retreats in upstate New York near Woodstock and in Malibu, Calif, bringing together intimate groups of up to 20 women. Attendees discuss feelings, stages of mourning and detaching with psychologists; practice yoga and meditation; learn about behavioral nutrition; and complete tasks like keeping a gratitude journal.Even Facebook FB, +0.84%  has a tool that lets you hide your exes from your news feed after a breakup so you can limit how much of them you see on the social network. That comes free. In return, Facebook, as per the social-media giant\u2019s privacy policy, will collect your data so it can target you with more products and services.Not everyone believes it\u2019s appropriate to use an app to help speed the plow with a breakup. Paying to make your life easier to cut ties with a partner is a cop-out, says Chicago-based relationship coach Bela Gandhi. \u201cYou need to develop the strength to get through these kinds of traumatic experiences. Life is unfortunately filled with various traumas. It\u2019s part of being human.\u201dIt\u2019s good practice to face up to difficult situations rather than avoid them, she adds.\u201cWe have to develop that strong emotional core,\u201d Gandhi said. \u201cYou\u2019re going to have to get up, and get out of your house and put one foot in front of the other and live life again. The only thing that will help ultimately is time. You need to understand what happened, and how do you not get into a situation like this all over again. Invest your funds in personal growth.\u201d", "title": "A new concierge service wants to make sure your nasty breakup goes smoothly"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/global-gamings-x2-games-announces-the-launch-of-pre-orders-for-its-cutting-edge-amazon-alexa-powered-board-game-st-noire-2019-03-19-0184259": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 12:02 a.m. ET", "article": "VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Mar 19, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- VANCOUVER, British Columbia, March 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- GLOBAL GAMING TECHNOLOGIES CORP. (BWSP) BLKCF (\"Global Gaming\", or the \"Company\") is pleased to announce that customers can now pre-order X2 Games Corp. (\"X2 Games\") game title St. Noire, the first Amazon Alexa powered board game, starting today. Each St. Noire game is selling for $39.99 USD and customers can place pre-orders through the following link: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07P693BG1.St. Noire is the first ever cinematic board game powered by Amazon Alexa. The murder mystery game takes place in the town of St. Noire, where players must question suspects using voice commands and piece together clues to solve the case before time runs out. Captivating sound design, writing and voice-acting by top Hollywood talent are all present. Game time spans between 20 to 30 minutes. The game can be played with any number of players and is infinitely replayable.Co-Founder, President and Chief Creative Officer of X2 Games, Zai Ortiz, commented on the launch of the X2 Games' first game title, \"St. Noire represents the first of its class. This is a one-of-a-kind and revolutionary breakthrough in not just technology, but also in how humans interact with it in a positive and exciting format in everyday life. This is the beginning of the future of gaming.\"Zai Ortiz is presently attending numerous gaming conferences this month to exhibit St. Noire, including the Game Developers Conference (GDC) in San Francisco, California where X2 Games will be a part of Amazon's booth to showcase St. Noire and the South by Southwest Conference (SXSW) in Austin, Texas.On behalf of the Company:\nNolan Bushnell, Chairman and CEO of the Company\ninfo@globalblockchain.ioFor more information, please contact:Global Gaming Technologies Corp.\nInvestor Relations\nir@globalblockchain.io\n800-689-8089About Global Gaming Technologies Corp.Global Gaming Technologies Corp. is a gaming industry holding company that provides investment exposure to digital interactive entertainment in emerging technologies, such as Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality, and Artificial Intelligence, in addition to eSports and traditional game platforms, such as mobile and console. It is focused on gamifying content using visual cinematics across all platforms. The Company's strategy is to publish games and content that are immersive in storytelling, bold in design, and technologically innovative.The Company is managed by game and film industry pioneers. It is headquartered in Toronto, Canada with its primary game studio in Los Angeles, California.GGAM is listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange (\"CSE\") and its common shares trade under the ticker symbol \"GGAM.\" Additional information relating to GGAM is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, the CSE at www.theCSE.com, as well as on the Company's website at globalgaming.tech.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking InformationThis news release contains \"forward-looking information\" within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Generally, any statements that are not historical facts may contain forward-looking information, and forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as \"plans\", \"expects\" or \"does not expect\", \"is expected\", \"budget\", \"scheduled\", \"estimates\", \"forecasts\", \"intends\", \"anticipates\" or \"does not anticipate\", or \"believes\", or variations of such words and phrases or indicates that certain actions, events or results \"may\", \"could\", \"would\", \"might\" or \"will be\" taken, \"occur\" or \"be achieved\". Forward-looking information includes, but is not limited to the Company's goal of streamlining the current arduous, lengthy and complicated process that interested investors need to undergo in order to gain exposure to the digital interactive entertainment space. The Company's business plan is conceptual in nature and there is no assurance that it will be implemented as set out herein, or at all. Forward-looking information is based on certain factors and assumptions the Company believes to be reasonable at the time such statements are made, including but not limited to: statements and expectations regarding the ability of the Company to (i) successfully engage senior management with appropriate industry experience and expertise, (ii) gain access to and acquire a basket of digital interactive entertainment assets and to participate in relevant financings on favourable terms or at all, (iii) successfully publish its own games and content, and (iv) execute on future M&A opportunities in the digital interactive entertainment space; receipt of required regulatory approvals; the availability of necessary financing; permitting and such other assumptions and factors as set out herein. Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information, including but not limited to: risks related to fluctuating popularity of eSports titles; the estimation of personnel and operating costs; general global markets and economic conditions; risks associated with uninsurable risks; risks associated with currency fluctuations; competition faced in securing experiencedpersonnel with appropriate industry experience and expertise; risks associated with changes in the financial auditing and corporate governance standards applicable to gaming companies; risks related to potential conflicts of interest; the reliance on key personnel; financing, capitalization and liquidity risks including the risk that the financing necessary to fund continued development of the Company's business plan may not be available on satisfactory terms, or at all; the risk of potential dilution through the issuance of additional common shares of the Company; the risk of litigation. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information set out in this presentation, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such forward-looking information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such information. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are made based on management's beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date that statements are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change, except as required by laws. Investors are cautioned against attributing undue certainty to forward-looking statements.Neither the CSE nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the CSE) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Global Gaming's X2 Games Announces the Launch of Pre-Orders for its Cutting-Edge Amazon Alexa Powered Board Game St. Noire"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/girls-inc-and-jpmorgan-chase-to-reach-20000-girls-through-national-program-promoting-financial-health-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 10:00 a.m. ET", "article": "A new multi-year partnership between JPMorgan Chase and Girls Inc., a leading nonprofit that supports girls and young women, will bring financial health programs to 20,000 girls across the country. These programs will focus on how to manage money, create a budget and save more for the future.Girls Inc. serves girls ages 6-18 at more than 1,400 sites in 400 cities across the United States and Canada. By serving as the sole national sponsor of the Girls Inc. Economic Literacy Program, JPMorgan Chase will help Girls Inc. teach girls vital skills that they can use for life, through classes, field trips, mentoring, and workshops, including opportunities for girls and their parents to engage with JPMorgan Chase employees. In addition to financial topics, the program also will help girls learn about and get exposure to different jobs and career options. The program will engage girls and their parents in key cities across the U.S., including: Dallas, Ft. Worth, Los Angeles, Nashville, New York, Oakland and Philadelphia.\u201cIt\u2019s great to partner with a firm so committed to financial health,\u201d said Judy Vredenburgh, President & CEO of Girls Inc. \u201cEquipping girls early with financial education will give them the skills they need for long-term financial wellbeing and stability.\u201d\u201cCollaborating with Girls Inc. will help us reach the next generation of women and teach them lifelong skills that can sustain financial health for them and their families,\u201d said Samantha Saperstein, Head of Women on the Move at JPMorgan Chase. \u201cBy working with girls at formative stages, and involving their parents, we hope to instill habits that will help them grow into financially healthy adults.\u201dBy helping girls through this program, JPMorgan Chase continues to promote financial health to consumers across the country. Products like accessible banking, digital tools to manage money and monitor credit health, and access to branches and advice are cornerstones of the firm\u2019s mission to improve the financial lives of Americans. Over the last five years, the firm has invested more than $100MM to help millions of underserved people in the U.S. \u2013 including women and people of color \u2013 save more, reduce debt, build credit and meet their long-term financial goals.JPMorgan Chase is supporting Girls Inc. through its Women on the Move program, which represents the firm\u2019s latest commitment to promote gender diversity and equal opportunity. Women on the Move started as an internal initiative to empower the firm\u2019s female employees to grow their careers. The firm has expanded its focus to help female business clients launch and grow businesses and female consumers improve their financial knowledge and financial health. Supporting girls through financial literacy programming is a key element towards developing financially healthy women of the future.About JPMorgan ChaseJPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.50% is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of customers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.About Girls Inc.Girls Inc. inspires all girls to be strong, smart, and bold through direct service and advocacy. Its comprehensive approach to whole girl development equips girls to navigate gender, economic, and social barriers and grow up healthy, educated, and independent. These positive outcomes are achieved through mentoring relationships, girls-only safe spaces, and research-based programming. Informed by girls and their families, Girls Inc. also advocates for legislation and policies to increase opportunities for all girls. Learn more atgirlsinc.org.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190319005569/en/SOURCE: JPMorgan ChaseMedia Contact:\nJennifer H. Lavoie\njennifer.h.lavoie@jpmchase.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Girls Inc. and JPMorgan Chase to Reach 20,000 Girls through National Program Promoting Financial Health"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/johns-manville-continues-support-for-spray-foam-excellence-with-election-of-kathy-miks-to-vice-chair-of-spray-foam-coalition-leadership-committee-2019-03-05": {"date": "Mar 5, 2019 3:59 p.m. ET", "article": "Johns Manville, a Berkshire Hathaway company and leading building products manufacturer, announced today Kathy Miks, spray foam Product Manager, is the newly elected Vice Chair of the Spray Foam Coalition, a dynamic organization of companies that produce and sell polyurethane spray foam insulation systems and the chemicals and equipment necessary for their use. As Vice Chair, Miks will work alongside the organization\u2019s Chair to lead efforts aimed at educating and promoting spray foam and its benefits.\u201cKathy brings an immense amount of technical expertise to the role of Vice Chair of the Spray Foam Coalition and is in a unique position to help the organization meet its strategic goals and expand,\u201d said Bob Wamboldt, President of Insulation Systems at Johns Manville. \u201cSpray foam is an excellent solution for creating high performing, energy efficient, sustainable and resilient buildings and Johns Manville is committed to fostering a culture of innovation through the external commitments of employees like Kathy.\u201dThe Spray Foam Coalition was founded in 2010 by the American Chemistry Council\u2019s Center for the Polyurethanes Industry to promote the use of spray polyurethane foam and its benefits in U.S. applications, provide a forum for helping shape public policy and support the safe manufacture, transport and application of the product. With nearly eight years of insulation experience, Miks will help the organization prioritize activities, determine strategies and actions to address industry issues and represent industry interests on a national platform. She will serve as Vice Chair through December 2019, and then transition to the position of Chair through 2021.\u201cKathy\u2019s experience and commitment to our industry will help us fulfill our mission of championing the use of spray foam in U.S. building and construction applications as a leading voice in the industry,\u201d said Stephen Wieroniey, Director of the Center for the Polyurethanes Industry, American Chemistry Council. \u201cThe strong foundation of our organization is largely due to the commitment and support from the nation\u2019s leading spray foam manufacturers like Johns Manville and we look forward to working closely with Kathy over the next three years.\u201dMiks is an accomplished industry professional, bringing more than 18 years of experience to the role. In her current position as Product Manager, Miks oversees the spray polyurethane foam and polyiso wall system portfolios for the Johns Manville Building Insulation division. In addition to her full-time role with Johns Manville and new responsibilities with the Spray Foam Coalition, Miks is on the steering committee for the Polyisocyanurate Insulation Manufacturers Association. Miks earned a bachelor\u2019s degree in engineering from the Colorado School of Mines.About Johns ManvilleJohns Manville, a Berkshire Hathaway company BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.03% is a leading manufacturer and marketer of premium-quality products for building insulation, mechanical insulation, commercial roofing and roof insulation, as well as fibers and nonwovens for commercial, industrial and residential applications. JM serves markets that include aerospace, automotive and transportation, air handling, appliance, HVAC, pipe and equipment, filtration, waterproofing, building, flooring, interiors and wind energy. In business since 1858, the Denver-based company has annual sales over $3 billion and holds leadership positions in all of the key markets that it serves. Johns Manville employs 8,000 people and operates 42 manufacturing facilities in North America, Europe and China. Additional information can be found at www.jm.com.About the Spray Foam CoalitionThe Spray Foam Coalition (SFC)was formed in December 2010 under the American Chemistry Council\u2019sCenter for the Polyurethanes Industry (CPI). The SFC is a dynamic organization of companies that produce and sell polyurethane spray foam insulation systems and the chemicals and equipment necessary for their use. The SFC champions the use of spray polyurethane foam in U.S. building and construction applications by promoting its benefits, providing a forum to help shape public policy on issues critical to the industry, and supporting the safe manufacture, transport, and application of spray polyurethane foam. Since2014,all active Spray Foam Coalition systems house members signed theSFC\u2019s Code of Conduct. This is the first commitment of its kind in the SPF industry. It reflects the member companies\u2019 commitment to the continuous improvement in health, safety and product stewardship of spray polyurethane foam products. The Code of Conduct is signed annually, to reaffirm systems house members' commitments.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190305005919/en/SOURCE: Johns ManvilleLinhart PR for Johns Manville\nKelly Nash\n(303) 951-2552\nknash@linhartpr.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Johns Manville Continues Support for Spray Foam Excellence with Election of Kathy Miks to Vice Chair of Spray Foam Coalition Leadership Committee"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/boosalis-properties-amazons-impact-on-northern-va-commercial-real-estate-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 9:00 a.m. ET", "article": "WOODBRIDGE, Va., March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- We have seen an influx of out of state buyers pursuing deals in the local Northern VA market. Listings that had been sitting on the market for several months all of a sudden are picking up steam and have multiple buyers chasing them down.For example, in November 2018 our team was representing a buyer for a retail center in Arlington VA. Before we were able to submit our clients offer, Amazon announced the plans to expand into Crystal City, VA. What went from a conventional negotiation then turned into a hard-ball bidding process with multiple buyers. The property went on to sell well above asking price. We've started seeing this trend duplicate over the last several months.With Arlington County and Fairfax County looking to absorb around 49% of the future Amazon employees (Source: Stephen Fuller George Mason University), it creates many additional opportunities for outlying counties like Prince William, Stafford and Spotsylvania. More specifically North Woodbridge, VA and Fredericksburg, VA.The majority of our commercial real estate investors are gravitating towards neighborhoods along the VRE metro stations. They anticipate that this will be where future Amazon employees will call home.Local supervisors are working hard at designating high density construction to sustain the population growth that's heading our way. Developers are excited about the opportunities close to transit VRE/Metro stations. It makes it easier for residents to travel in and out of Crystal City/DC without having to fight through traffic every day. Counties like Prince William just passed a small area plan for North Woodbridge. This paves the way for several million square feet of mixed-use development right in front of the Woodbridge VRE station. We've even seen areas toward Fredericksburg gearing up for the future. The Fredericksburg VRE station brings thousands of employees toward DC every day. VDOT has even begun expanding HOV lanes south, on the I95 corridor, with expected completion by 2022. County and City records show several thousand multi-family units being delivered over the next 2-3 years. With all this growth and expansion into Fredericksburg, the city is evidently included as part of Northern Virginia.With all of these areas gearing up towards the future, we believe there will be continued development of retail, multi-family and mixed-use projects being delivered over the next 10+ years.Our commercial real estate firm has been in this market for over 40 years and are continuing to look forward to the future.Boosalis Properties, George Boosalis (President)\nBoosalisProperties.com 703-494-7691 View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boosalis-properties-amazons-impact-on-northern-va-commercial-real-estate-300816706.htmlSOURCE Boosalis PropertiesCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Boosalis Properties: Amazon's impact on Northern VA commercial real estate"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/johns-manville-to-host-fourth-annual-industrial-masters-course-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 12:05 p.m. ET", "article": "Johns Manville (JM), a leading global manufacturer of energy-efficient building products and engineered specialty materials and a Berkshire Hathaway company, announced today it will host the fourth annual Johns Manville Industrial Masters Course, along with six other major manufacturers, contractors, and engineers in the industrial insulation industry. The free, two-day course, taking place May 14-15, 2019 in League City, Texas, brings experts from the industrial insulation industry together discuss the latest technologies and the science and strategies needed to design, install, and maintain efficient insulation systems to optimize performance.The JM Industrial Masters Course is designed for engineers and industry professionals who are looking to further their professional development and gain more detailed insights into the industry. JM Senior Industrial Product Manager Jack Bittner, who has led the course for the past four years, said JM has added something new to the agenda for 2019.\u201cWe have always limited the Industrial Masters Course to 100 people to create an environment where attendees can speak up, share their perspectives, and ask questions,\u201d said Bittner. \u201cIn the past, this has created a lot of engaging discussion. This year, we\u2019re taking it one step further; we\u2019re hosting two expert panels for live Q&A sessions with our attendees. Our first panel will be Optimizing Maintenance and Turnarounds in a Facility, and the second panel will be Best Practices to Combat Corrosion under Insulation (CUI). This is a unique opportunity for our attendees to dig into the details and grill industry experts with questions they have about these topics.\u201dIn addition to Johns Manville, the complete list of contributing presenters includes major insulation manufacturers, contractors, metal jacketing suppliers, and heat-tracing specialists. Here's a sneak peek at some of this year\u2019s presenters and panelists:PRESENTERS:PANELISTS:Jeff Semkowski, JM\u2019s Industrial Portfolio Manager, explained that the Industrial Masters Course is part of JM\u2019s ongoing efforts to help the industry bridge the Knowledge Gap.\u201cToday, more than ever, it\u2019s critical to train and retain new talent in the industrial insulation industry, and that\u2019s why opportunities like this are so valuable. We have gathered subject matter experts throughout the industrial insulation industry to pass on information that can be crucial when it comes to specifying, installing, and maintaining effective industrial insulation systems. The Industrial Masters Course is an excellent resource for businesses that are looking to further develop their talented employee base.\u201dThe JM Industrial Masters Course will take place at the South Shore Harbour Resort in League City, Texas on May 14-15, 2019. All attendees will be given a certificate of completion that may be submitted for 12 professional development hours (PDH).For additional information, please visit http://www2.jm.com/imc2019-pr.About Johns ManvilleJohns Manville, a Berkshire Hathaway company BRK.A, +0.02% BRK.B, -0.05% is a leading manufacturer and marketer of premium-quality products for building insulation, mechanical insulation, commercial roofing and roof insulation, as well as fibers and nonwovens for commercial, industrial and residential applications. JM serves markets that include aerospace, automotive and transportation, air handling, appliance, HVAC, pipe and equipment, filtration, waterproofing, building, flooring, interiors and wind energy. In business since 1858, the Denver-based company has annual sales over $3 billion and holds leadership positions in all of the key markets that it serves. Johns Manville employs 8,000 people and operates 42 manufacturing facilities in North America, Europe and China. Additional information can be found at www.jm.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190319005699/en/SOURCE: Johns ManvilleJohns Manville\nJeff Semkowski, 303-978-5361\nJeff.Semkowski@jm.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Johns Manville to Host Fourth Annual Industrial Masters Course"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/stocks-open-higher-as-focus-shifts-back-to-china-trade-talks-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 9:31 a.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks started Tuesday's session higher, as U.S.-China trade negotiations are resuming. U.S. trade representative Robert Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will be in China for the negotiations this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.05% opened 0.8% higher at 25,709, and the S&P 500 SPX, -0.15% kicked the session off 0.6% higher at 2,815. The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.26% opened 0.8% stronger at 7,701. Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.78% remained in focus after the tech giant unveiled a number of new services as the company shifts from products like the iPhone. Elsewhere, Bed Bath & Beyond BBBY, -1.18% climbed higher following a report by The Wall Street Journal saying three activist investors are preparing to launching a proxy fight to replace the company's board. On the economic data front, the consumer-confidence index for March, expected at 133, is due at 10 a.m. Eastern. Earlier, February housing starts came in better than anticipated. Building permits for February and the Case-Shiller home price index for January eased slightly from the previous months.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Stocks open higher as focus shifts back to China trade talks"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-global-mhealth-market-size-is-expected-to-reach-usd-15157-billion-by-2025-progressing-at-a-cagr-257-over-the-forecast-period-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 8:04 p.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- mHealth Market Analysis Report By Participants (Mobile Operators, Device Vendors, Healthcare Providers), By Service (Diagnosis, Monitoring, Healthcare Systems), And Segment Forecasts, 2018 - 2025\n\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05741285/?utm_source=PRN\n\nThe global mHealth market size is expected to reach USD 151.57 billion by 2025, progressing at a CAGR 25.7% over the forecast period, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. The market is majorly driven by growing geriatric population, rising prevalence of chronic diseases, and increasing penetration of smartphones and internet connections. Technological advancements are leading to product innovations in the area of mHealth, which in turn will bode well for the market.\n\nGrowing inclination towards preventive healthcare and subsequently rising subscription to mHealth apps have been working in favor of the market. mHealth apps exhibit several features that offer healthcare benefits to healthcare providers as well as patients. mHealth apps provide accessibility to health related information. mHealth apps also ensure continuous communication between patients and providers, thereby allowing providers to diagnose, recommend, and monitor patients without even seeing them in person.\n\nAdoption of smartphones with subscription to mHealth apps among adult population in the U.S. is rising in order to maintain routine check. For instance, according to a paper published in NCBI in February 2016, around 91.0% of adult population in the U.S. own a mobile phone, with 61.0% of them possessing smartphones.\n\nFurther Key Findings From the Report Suggest:\n\u2022 In 2017, monitoring services held the largest revenue share owing to growing adoption of mhealth solutions for monitoring health conditions such as diabetes\n\u2022 The healthcare system strengthening services segment is likely to register the highest CAGR of 27.7% over the forecast period\n\u2022 Healthcare providers will be the most promising participant segment during the forecast period, mainly due to adoption of digital technology by healthcare facilities in order to optimize care management process\n\u2022 In 2017, Europe accounted for the largest revenue share in the market owing to rising research initiatives in the area of mHealth\n\u2022 Key players in this space include Apple Inc.; AT&T; Airstrip Technologies; Allscripts Healthcare Solutions; Google Inc; Orange; Soft Serve; mQure; and Samsung Electronics.\n\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05741285/?utm_source=PRN\n\nAbout Reportlinker\nReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.\n\n__________________________\nContact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com\nUS: (339)-368-6001\nIntl: +1 339-368-6001View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-global-mhealth-market-size-is-expected-to-reach-usd-151-57-billion-by-2025--progressing-at-a-cagr-25-7-over-the-forecast-period-300815903.htmlSOURCE ReportlinkerCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "The global mHealth market size is expected to reach USD 151.57 billion by 2025, progressing at a CAGR 25.7% over the forecast period"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/cleveland-cavaliers-aramark-launch-mobile-ordering-using-iphone-messages-app-at-quicken-loans-arena-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 4:14 p.m. ET", "article": "Thirsty? All it takes is a text message! The Cleveland Cavaliers and Aramark ARMK, +0.78% the food and beverage provider for Quicken Loans Arena (The Q), today announced fans in designated sections of The Q during Cavs and Cleveland Monsters games are able to use Apple Business Chat to place orders using their iPhone\u2019s Messages app to have the menu items delivered directly to their seats. The Cavaliers and Quicken Loans Arena are the first NBA team and arena to pilot the service.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190318005534/en/Apple Business Chat allows fans to utilize the speed, simplicity and convenience of text messaging to order and pay for menu items without downloading a special app. The testing of this service at The Q is the latest example of Aramark\u2019s commitment to identify new and innovative ways to leverage modern technology to re-imagine various aspects of the in-venue food and beverage experience.The service will be available for the remainder of the Cavs and Monsters 2018-19 home schedule.With the ease of a text message, Cavs and Monsters fans sitting in the lower bowl of the arena will be able to purchase select beverages (beer and water) from the comfort of their seats using their iPhone. The pilot program will run through the end of each team\u2019s season.Ordering is simple*:*To utilize the service, iOS 11.3 or higher and an Apple Pay account are required.Aramark was the first sports concessionaire to pilot this modern mobile ordering service using Apple Business Chat, when it experimented with the technology during the 2018 baseball season.\u201cThe intersection of technology, service and convenience continues to motivate us, and we\u2019re pleased to be working with our partners at Aramark on this innovative approach to ordering,\u201d said Nic Barlage, Cavs and Quicken Loans Arena President of Business Operations. \u201cFinding a way to provide an enhanced game experience with much easier and faster ordering capability for our fans adds another convenient feature at The Q that we\u2019re proud to pilot for the remainder of the Cavs and Monsters season.\u201d\u201cWe\u2019re excited to be piloting this new service offering at Quicken Loans Arena. With more people using their mobile devices for everyday transactions, we\u2019re continually searching for innovative ways to incorporate digital technology into the food and beverage experience,\u201d said Kevin Kearney, District Manager, Aramark\u2019s Sports & Entertainment division. \u201cThe integration of Apple Business Chat with the ordering process is not only fan-friendly and easily accessible, it\u2019s reflective of fans\u2019 changing expectations and behaviors and we\u2019re looking forward to Cavs and Monsters fans giving it a try.\u201dView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190318005534/en/SOURCE: Aramark\"> <Property FormalName=\"PrimaryTwitterHandle\" Value=\"@aramarkZack Yohman, Cavs and Quicken Loans Arena\n(216) 420-2837\nzyohman@cavs.com David Freireich, Aramark\n(215) 238-4078\nfreireich-david@aramark.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Cleveland Cavaliers & Aramark Launch Mobile Ordering, Using iPhone Messages App, at Quicken Loans Arena"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/slow-motion-breakout-underway-sp-500-nasdaq-venture-atop-major-resistance-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 11:43 a.m. ET", "article": "U.S. stocks are mixed early Monday, treading water ahead of the Federal Reserve\u2019s policy directive, due out Wednesday.Against this backdrop, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite have extended slight breaks atop major resistance \u2014 at S&P 2,817 and Nasdaq 7,670 \u2014 opening the path to potentially more decisive follow-through.Before detailing the U.S. markets\u2019 wider view, the S&P 500\u2019s", "title": "Slow-motion breakout underway: S&P 500, Nasdaq venture atop major resistance"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-prices-eur600-million-senior-notes-offering-2019-03-25-15184836": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 3:08 p.m. ET", "article": "NEW YORK, March 25, Mar 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- NEW YORK, March 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nasdaq, Inc. (the \"Company\") NDAQ, +0.37% today announced that it priced a public offering of EUR600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 1.75% senior notes due 2029 (the \"Offering\"). The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the Offering to refinance indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes.J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Merrill Lynch International, Mizuho International plc and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) are acting as joint book-running managers for the Offering. HSBC Bank plc, ICBC Standard Bank Plc, Nordea Bank Abp, The Toronto-Dominion Bank and Wells Fargo Securities International Limited are acting as co-managers for the Offering.The Offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement, previously filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the \"SEC\"). Before investing, you should read the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus, as well as other documents the Company has filed, for a more complete understanding of the Company and the Offering. These documents are available for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.Alternatively, copies may be obtained by contacting J.P. Morgan Securities plc at 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP, United Kingdom, Facsimile: +44 20 3493 0682, Attention: Head of Debt Syndicate and Head of EMEA Debt Capital Markets Group; Merrill Lynch International, 2 King Edward Street, London EC1A 1HQ, United Kingdom, Telephone: 1-800-294-1322, Facsimile: +44 (0)20 7995 0048, Attention: Syndicate Desk; Mizuho International plc, 30 Old Bailey, London EC4M 7AU, United Kingdom, Attention: Legal Department; Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Kungstradgardsgatan 8, 106 40, Stockholm, Sweden.This press release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offering, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSInformation set forth in this communication contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. The Company cautions readers that any forward-looking information is not a guarantee of future performance and that actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking information. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the Offering, the Company's plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties or other factors beyond the Company's control. These factors include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to implement its strategic initiatives, economic, political and market conditions and fluctuations, government and industry regulation, interest rate risk, U.S. and global competition, and other factors detailed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q which are available on the Company's investor relations website at http://ir.nasdaq.com and the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.About Nasdaq:Nasdaq NDAQ, +0.37% is a leading global provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, listing, information and public company services. Through its diverse portfolio of solutions, Nasdaq enables customers to plan, optimize and execute their business vision with confidence, using proven technologies that provide transparency and insight for navigating today's global capital markets. As the creator of the world's first electronic stock market, its technology powers more than 100 marketplaces in 50 countries. Nasdaq is home to approximately 4,000 total listings with a market value of approximately $12 trillion. To learn more, visit: http://business.nasdaq.com.Media Contacts:Allan Schoenberg\n(212) 231-5534\nallan.schoenberg@nasdaq.comWill Briganti\n(678) 504-6097\nwilliam.briganti@nasdaq.comRyan Wells\nDirect: +44 (0) 20 3753 2231\nMobile: +44 (0) 7809 596 390\nryan.wells@nasdaq.com\n\nInvestor Relations Contact:Ed Ditmire, CFA\n(212) 401-8737\ned.ditmire@nasdaq.com-NDAQF-(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Nasdaq, Inc. Prices EUR600 Million Senior Notes Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-streaming-service-wont-offer-netflix-subscription-hasting-says-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 11:45 p.m. ET", "article": "Netflix Inc. NFLX, -0.18% will not be part of Apple Inc.'s AAPL, +0.94% new streaming service, Chief Executive Reed Hastings said late Monday, Variety reported. Speaking at a press event in Los Angeles, Hastings confirmed what many had already suspected. \"Apple is a great company,\" he said, according to Variety. \"We have chosen not to integrate into their services.\" Netflix is currently available through Apple's app store, and that is not expected to change. Apple is expected to unveil its highly anticipated streaming service next week. While it will feature some original shows, it is expected to also bolster its offerings by selling subscriptions to some third-party streaming services, such as HBO and Showtime, much as Amazon.com Inc.'s AMZN, -0.46% Prime service does. Speaking on other subjects, Hastings said Netflix won't be entering the potentially lucrative Chinese market for a while. \"We will be blocked in China for a long time,\" he saidHave breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple streaming service won't offer Netflix subscription, Hastings says"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/bemg-makes-significant-hire-of-former-palomar-savings-loan-executive-officer-rob-pommier-as-chief-operating-officer-2019-03-21-81843035": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 8:30 a.m. ET", "article": "SUNRISE, Mar 21, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SUNRISE, Fla., March 21, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Beta Music Group Inc. (OTC PINK: BEMG) through its operating subsidiary Get Credit Healthy, Inc. (\"GCH\") a leading fintech platform that provides independent mortgage originators with credit resources, education, data intelligence and lead recovery that recently signed an exclusive partnership with DriveitAway to improve the financial health of drivers for Uber (3.0 million drivers) and Lyft (1.4 million drivers) announces the hiring of former Executive Officer of Palomar Saving & Loan, Rob Pommier (\"Pommier\") as Chief Operating Officer of GCH.Pommier was an Executive Officer for Palomar Savings & Loan which changed its name to Washington Mutual Bank, FA and subsequently operated as part of JP Morgan Chase Bank. The sequence of events can be found at https://www.usbanklocations.com/palomar-savings-and-loan-association-30474.shtml.Pommier was formerly Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Sales & Client Services for LenderLive. LenderLive (https://www.lenderlive.com/) is a premier service provider that partners with financial companies to transform their day-to-day operations by delivering high-quality and inventive mortgage fulfillment and secondary marketing solutions that improve efficiencies, reduce operational errors, and mitigate compliance risk. LenderLive's clients include many of the leading companies in the mortgage finance industries, as well as trustees and attorneys. LenderLives clients include but not limited to 8 of the 10 largest Banks. The 10 largest banks can be found at https://smartasset.com/checking-account/the-top-ten-banks-by-assets-held.Prior to LenderLive, Pommier was Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing and Chief Operating Officer of Docitt. Docitt (http://www.docitt.com/) was founded by mortgage veterans who are passionate about creating a simpler, smarter, and safer lending process for mortgage lenders by eliminating manual tasks, paper and other pain points in today's loan process. Docitts goal is to enable unprecedented data transparency and efficiency - paving the way to the future of lending. Docitts clients include but not limited to Banks, credit Unions and Mortgage Bankers.Prior to Docitt, Pommier was Regional Vice President of Sales for Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (\"Altisource\"). Altisource (https://www.altisource.com/) is an integrated service provider and marketplace for the real estate and mortgage industries. Altisource combines operational excellence with a suite of innovative services and technologies, Altisource helps solve the demands of the ever-changing markets we serve. Altisource is a publicly traded. (NASDAQ: ASPS). Altisource clients include but not limited to Banks, Credit Unions and Mortgage Bankers.Prior to Altisource, Pommier was Senior Vice President Business Development and Marketing for OpenClose(R) Solutions. OpenClose(R) Solutions (https://www.openclose.com/) is a multi-channel Web-based Mortgage Software Company that cost-effectively delivers its software-as-a-service (SaaS). Founded in 1999 and headquartered in West Palm Beach, Florida, OpenClose(R) provides a variety of 100 percent web-based solutions for lenders, banks and credit unions. OpenClose(R) loan origination mortgage software solution, LenderAssist(TM) LOS, is a comprehensive platform that is completely engineered by OpenClose(R) using the same code base from the ground up, thus avoiding the problems that often accompany assembling best-of-breed applications or acquiring disparate technologies to create an end-to-end platform.Elizabeth Karwowski, CEO, stated: \"We are extremely excited to hire Rob Pommier, an experienced, driven and well-respected veteran in the Real Estate and Mortgage industry who has been successful every step of the way as GCH's Chief Operating Officer. With Rob joining our leadership team, combined with the vision we share, we are convinced more than ever of our ability to generate significant revenue for BEMG and opportunity for our operating subsidiary Get Credit Healthy.\"About BEMGBEMG, through its operating subsidiary Get Credit Healthy (www.getcredithealthy.com), utilizes its proprietary processes, platform, and software to integrate with lenders to make it easier to recapture leads. Developed for and by those with extensive experience in the mortgage industry, Get Credit Healthy's platform has already facilitated over $200 million in new loan opportunities.\n\nGet Credit Healthy has showed sustained growth over the past three years and shows no signs of slowing down. Get Credit Healthy is working to increase its network of partners and is looking forward to a very promising future. Please visit the company website at www.betamusicgroup.net; twitter at www.twitter.com/bemg12 and financial information can be found at www.otcmarkets.com/stock/BEMG/profile.Safe Harbor StatementThis press release contains projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future events or our future financial performance. All statements other than present and historical facts and conditions contained in this release, including any statements regarding our future results of operations and financial positions, business strategy, plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). These statements are only predictions and reflect our current beliefs and expectations with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risk and uncertainties and subject to change at any time. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual events or results may differ materially from those contained in the projections or forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this release are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.For information, please contact:\nElizabeth Karwowski, CEO\nBeta Music Group, Inc.\n8411 West Oakland Park Blvd. Suite 202\nSunrise, FL 33351\nek@gch360.com\n(877)850-3444 Ex 7SOURCE:\nBeta Music Group Inc.A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/c7ed7505-94b6-4afc-bb1e-316144be0366(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "BEMG Makes Significant Hire of Former Palomar Savings & Loan Executive Officer Rob Pommier as Chief Operating Officer"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/c-spire-rolls-out-new-105-inch-ipad-air-and-new-79-inch-ipad-mini-on-its-4g-lte-network-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 5:39 p.m. ET", "article": "RIDGELAND, Miss., March 26, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- C Spire is offering the iPad Air in an all-new 10.5-inch model and the new 7.9-inch iPad mini, delivering dramatic power and capability with Apple Pencil support [1] the A12 Bionic chip with Apple's Neural Engine, Retina displays with True Tone technology, enhanced cameras and all-day battery life. [2]Beginning today, customers can purchase the devices online at www.cpsire.com and via phone through Customer Telesales at 1.855.CSPIRE4 for home delivery and pick up at any C Spire retail store starting on Tuesday, April 2.The all-new iPad Air features an ultra-thin 10.5-inch design, offering the latest innovations and high-end performance at a breakthrough price. With the A12 Bionic chip with Apple's Neural Engine, the new iPad Air delivers a 70 percent boost in performance and twice the graphics capability, and the advanced Retina display with True Tone technology is nearly 20 percent larger with over half a million more pixels [3] .The new 7.9-inch iPad mini is a major upgrade for iPad mini fans who love a compact, ultra-portable design packed with the latest technology. With the A12 Bionic chip, the new iPad mini is a powerful multi-tasking machine, delivering three times the performance and nine times faster graphics [4] . The advanced Retina display with True Tone technology and wide color support is 25 percent brighter (4) and has the highest pixel density of any iPad, delivering an immersive visual experience in any setting.The powerful and smart A12 Bionic chip brings a new level of performance and speed to handle demanding computing tasks and power the next generation of apps for engaging AR experiences, photo-realistic effects in 3D games and stunning graphics performance within apps. With advanced front- and back-facing cameras, iPad mini and iPad Air take gorgeous photos and capture clear and stable 1080p HD videos. Apple Pencil opens up new creativity and productivity possibilities, from drawing and writing down thoughts to marking up documents and retouching photos.Staying connected is now easier and faster with the same great Wi-Fi performance and Gigabit-class LTE connectivity [5] , as well as eSIM technology that lets users connect to wireless data plans when traveling in more than 180 countries around the world. [6]\"We're excited about launching the new iPad Air and iPad mini on one of the leading networks for signal quality, value and customer service,\" said Brian Caraway, general manager of wireless for C Spire. \"These incredible devices for entertainment, productivity, creativity and more are even better on the industry's only customer-inspired network.\"For more details and pricing information on C Spire products and services, please visit www.cspire.com and click on the wireless and tablet tabs. For more information on the iPad, go to www.apple.com/ipad.About C SpireC Spire is a Mississippi-based leading technology company and telecommunications provider committed to transforming its service areas through the C Spire Tech Movement initiative, which includes broadband deployment, technology innovation and workforce development.  The company provides world-class, customer-inspired wireless communications, 1 Gigabit consumer Internet access, streaming TV, digital home phone service as well as a full suite of dedicated Internet, wireless, IP Voice, data, cloud and managed IT services for businesses.  This news release and other announcements are available at www.cspire.com/news. For more information about C Spire, visit www.cspire.com or follow us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/cspire or Twitter at www.twitter.com/cspire.[1 ] 1st generation Apple Pencil sold separately. [2 ] Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results may vary. [3 ] When compared to the 9.7-inch iPad. [4 ] When compared to the previous generation iPad mini. [5 ] Network speeds are dependent on carrier networks. [6 ] Not all carriers support Apple SIM. Not available in China.View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/c-spire-rolls-out-new-10-5-inch-ipad-air-and-new-7-9-inch-ipad-mini-on-its-4g-lte-network-300819071.htmlSOURCE C SpireCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "C Spire rolls out new 10.5-inch iPad Air and new 7.9-inch iPad mini on its 4G LTE network"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 3:03 p.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal Dutch Shell plc (the 'Company') RDS.A, -0.52% RDS.B, -0.54% announces that on 18 March 2019 it purchased the following number of \"A\" Shares for cancellation.Aggregated information on \"A\" shares purchased according to trading venues: These share purchases form part of the third tranche of the Company's existing share buy-back programme previously announced on July 26, 2018. The Company announced the third tranche of its share buyback programme on January 31, 2019.In respect of this programme, J.P. Morgan Securities plc will make trading decisions in relation to the Company's securities independently of the Company for a period from January 31, 2019 up to and including 29 April, 2019.Any such share purchases will be effected within certain pre-set parameters, and in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase shares, Chapter 12 of the Listing Rules and Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU dealing with buy-back programmes and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.In accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU, a full breakdown of the individual trades made by J.P. Morgan Securities plc on behalf of the Company as a part of the buy-back programme is detailed below.PDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/837336/18032019_Shell_RNS_JPM.pdfEnquiries\nShell Media Relations\nInternational, UK, European Press: +44(0)207-934-5550Shell Investor Relations \nEurope: +31-70-377-3996  \nUnited States: +1-832-337-2034LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70 \nClassification: Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-300814126.htmlSOURCE Royal Dutch Shell plcCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Royal Dutch Shell plc: Transaction in Own Shares"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 2:32 p.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal Dutch Shell plc (the 'Company') RDS.A, -0.51% RDS.B, -0.54%  announces that on 19 March 2019 it purchased the following number of \"A\" Shares for cancellation.Aggregated information on \"A\" shares purchased according to trading venues: These share purchases form part of the third tranche of the Company's existing share buy-back programme previously announced on July 26, 2018. The Company announced the third tranche of its share buyback programme on January 31, 2019.In respect of this programme, J.P. Morgan Securities plc will make trading decisions in relation to the Company's securities independently of the Company for a period from January 31, 2019 up to and including 29 April, 2019.Any such share purchases will be effected within certain pre-set parameters, and in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase shares, Chapter 12 of the Listing Rules and Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU dealing with buy-back programmes and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.In accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU, a full breakdown of the individual trades made by J.P. Morgan Securities plc on behalf of the Company as a part of the buy-back programme is detailed below.PDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/838059/19032019_Shell_RNS_JPM.pdfEnquiriesShell Media Relations\nInternational, UK, European Press: +44(0)207-934-5550\nShell Investor Relations\nEurope: +31-70-377-3996 \nUnited States: +1-832-337-2034LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70\nClassification: Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-300815080.htmlSOURCE Royal Dutch Shell plcCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Royal Dutch Shell plc: Transaction in Own Shares"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/valero-energy-corporation-announces-pricing-of-notes-offering-2019-03-21-161843017": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 4:30 p.m. ET", "article": "SAN ANTONIO, March 21, Mar 21, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SAN ANTONIO, March 21, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Valero Energy Corporation VLO, -0.09% (\"Valero\") announced today that it has priced a public offering of $1 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.000% senior notes due 2029. The offering is expected to close on March 25, 2019, subject to customary closing conditions. Valero intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include the funding of the redemption of $850 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.125% Senior Notes due 2020.Citigroup Global Markets Inc.; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC; Mizuho Securities USA LLC and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. acted as joint book-running managers for the notes.Copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained from Citigroup Global Markets Inc. at 1-800-831-9146; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533; Mizuho Securities USA LLC at 1-866-271-7403; MUFG Securities Americas Inc. at 1-877-649-6848; and online at www.sec.gov.About ValeroValero Energy Corporation, through its subsidiaries (collectively, \"Valero\"), is an international manufacturer and marketer of transportation fuels and petrochemical products. Valero is a Fortune 50 company based in San Antonio, Texas, and it operates 15 petroleum refineries with a combined throughput capacity of approximately 3.1 million barrels per day and 14 ethanol plants with a combined production capacity of 1.73 billion gallons per year. The petroleum refineries are located in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, and the ethanol plants are located in the Mid-Continent region of the U.S. Valero also is a joint venture partner in Diamond Green Diesel, which operates a renewable diesel plant in Norco, Louisiana. Diamond Green Diesel is North America's largest biomass-based diesel plant. Valero sells its products in the wholesale rack or bulk markets in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Ireland and Latin America. Approximately 7,000 outlets carry Valero's brand names.The notes were offered and sold pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus. This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.Valero ContactsInvestors:\nHomer Bhullar, Vice President - Investor Relations, 210-345-1982\nGautam Srivastava, Manager - Investor Relations, 210-345-3992\nTom Mahrer, Manager - Investor Relations, 210-345-1953Media:\nLillian Riojas, Executive Director - Media Relations and Communications, 210-345-5002(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Valero Energy Corporation Announces Pricing of Notes Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/apple-announces-apple-news-subscription-service-for-999-a-month-2019-03-25": {"date": "Mar 25, 2019 1:30 p.m. ET", "article": "Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.96% on Monday announced Apple News+, a subscription service that provides access to 300 magazines, as well as the Los Angeles Times and the Wall Street Journal. Participating magazines include the Atlantic, Esquire and National Geographic. Users of Apple News+ start with the free version of Apple's News app, which shows trending stories and other pieces that are available to all readers. The News+ app also curates stories from participating magazines and suggests articles to users based on topics they've read about in the past, even if they aren't regular readers of a particular publication. The service will cost $9.99 per month, and families will be able to share the subscription. Apple shares are down 1% in midday trading during the company's media event. The stock has gained 28% over the past three months, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.04% , of which Apple is a component, has risen 17%.Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.", "title": "Apple announces Apple News+ subscription service for $9.99 a month"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-lds-laser-direct-structuring-antenna-market---worldwide-growth-trends-and-forecasts-2019-2024-anticipating-a-cagr-of-1775---researchandmarketscom-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 8:50 a.m. ET", "article": "The \"LDS (Laser Direct Structuring) Antenna Market - Growth, Trends and Forecast (2019 - 2024)\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The LDS Antenna Market was valued at USD 313.29 million in 2018 and is expected to register a CAGR of 17.75%, during the forecast period (2019-2024).The LDS technology is one of the fastest expanding segments of the molded interconnect devices (MID) market. With the miniaturization trend gaining prominence across various industries, the LDS market is growing in popularity by allowing smaller designs, with integrated functionalities.After failing to meet those exuberant expectations, 3D MIDs are gaining broader acceptance today as new processes, materials, and technologies converge to better meet the demands of circuit-carrying plastic parts.Many industry observers believe MIDs have finally come of age. The driving forces are miniaturization, tighter electronic packaging, and increased functional demands.To meet these new requirements, new processes, such as laser direct structuring (LDS) have emerged as ways to simplify MID production, reduce cost, and speed product development.Key Market TrendsConsumer Electronics to Hold Major ShareLDS antennas are extensively used in smartphones, wearables, laptops, gaming consoles and accessories, and tablets.Global digital spending is expected to exceed USD 1 trillion by 2018, with three product categories alone making up 75% of this global expenditure: smartphones (48%); TVs (12%); and mobile PCs/tablets (15%).With consumers demanding better body to screen ratios from device manufacturers, OEMs are pushing the boundaries of electronics by developing smartphones with almost no bezels. Miniaturization of internal components is considered to be a key concept to enable a higher body to screen ratio, which is expected to increase the adoption of LDS technologies.However, the declining sales of the tablet could hinder the growth of the segment in the long run, with Apple and Huawei, being the only two companies to have seen any growth in 2018, with Huawei leading Apple by nearly 7%. Nevertheless, this is expected to change with Apple launching the new iPad, which is bigger and lighter.China to Hold Major ShareIncreasing demand in the consumer electronics sector is one of the primary sources of increasing demand for LDS antennas in China. With rising disposable incomes, consumers tend to seek high-quality products that offer the best, regarding the user experience.According to Zenith estimates, China is expected to have the highest number of smartphone users (1.3 billion) followed by India, with 530 million users, in 2018.The country is also experiencing a dramatic shift to mobile broadband networks, particularly 4G, which is providing a platform for a rich range of innovative new services across developed and emerging markets in the country. Meanwhile, the country is also experiencing an increase in the 5G field trials, thus, opening up opportunities for LDS antenna market.Competitive LandscapeThe LDS antenna market has gained a competitive edge in the past decade. In terms of market share, few of the major players currently dominate the market. These major players with prominent share in the market are focusing on expanding their customer base across foreign countries. These companies are leveraging on strategic collaborative initiatives to increase their market share and increase their profitability.In May 2018, Pulse Electronics and Yageo Corporation entered into a definitive agreement, under which, Yageo will acquire Pulse. Yageo believes that Pulse has tremendous growth potential and is keen to gain a foothold in the United States and Europe, as well as in the automotive and industrial markets.In Dec 2018, Molex announced that it has completed the acquisition of the Connected Vehicle Solutions (CVS) division of Laird Limited, owned by funds managed by Advent International. This investment extends capabilities to improve connected mobility solutions for automotive manufacturers building intelligent next-generation vehicles.Topics Covered1 Introduction1.1 Study Deliverables1.2 Study Assumptions1.3 Scope of the Study2 Research Methodology3 Executive Summary4 Market Dynamics4.1 Market Overview4.2 Industry Attractiveness - Porter's Five Force Analysis4.3 Introduction to Market Drivers & Restraints4.4 Market Drivers4.4.1 Rising Demand for Miniaturization in Consumer Electronics Industry4.4.2 Growth of IoT & Devices with Higher Antenna Ranges4.5 Market Restraints4.5.1 Lack of Awareness & Manufacturing Complexities Associated with MIDS4.6 Industry Value Chain Analysis5 Market Segmentation5.1 By End-user5.1.1 Healthcare5.1.2 Consumer Electronics5.1.3 Automotive5.1.4 Networking5.1.5 Other End-user Industries5.2 Geography5.2.1 North America5.2.2 Europe5.2.3 Asia Pacific5.2.4 Latin America5.2.5 Middle East and Africa6 Competitive Landscape6.1 Company Profiles6.1.1 Taoglas Limited6.1.2 Molex LLC6.1.3 LPKF Laser & Electronics AG6.1.4 SelectConnect Technologies6.1.5 TE Connectivity Ltd.6.1.6 Pulse Electronics Corporation6.1.7 Amphenol Corporation6.1.8 Tongda Group Holdings Limited6.1.9 Shenzhen Sunway Communication Co. Ltd.6.1.10 Luxshare Precision Industry Co. Ltd.6.1.11 HARTING KGaA6.1.12 Huizhou Speed Wireless Technology Co. Ltd.7 Investment Analysis8 Market Opportunities and Future TrendsFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/dcwmt6/the_lds_laser?w=4View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005395/en/SOURCE: Research and MarketsResearchAndMarkets.com\nLaura Wood, Senior Press Manager\npress@researchandmarkets.com\nFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470\nFor U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630\nFor GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900\nRelated Topics: Printed ElectronicsCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "The LDS (Laser Direct Structuring) Antenna Market - Worldwide Growth, Trends and Forecasts (2019-2024): Anticipating a CAGR of 17.75% - ResearchAndMarkets.com"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-the-sp-500-needs-to-hold-this-key-level-or-risk-plunging-10-2019-03-26": {"date": "Mar 26, 2019 10:43 a.m. ET", "article": "Have we seen the worst of the great yield-inversion crisis of 2019?On the heels of a largely drama-free session, there\u2019s an appetite for risk in the air for Tuesday, with stocks higher, though that inversion of 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, -2.19%  and 3-month T-bills yields is still sticking. Recent market action has certainly schooled plenty where that subject is concerned.As a recap, last week\u2019s equity selloff was by the inversion of the yield curve\u2014an unusual condition that occurs when short-dated rates of government debt rise above their longer-term counterparts. Such inversions have accurately predicted recessions in the past. Buying of longer-date bonds implies a dim outlook on the economy on the part of investors. (If you\u2019re still not clear on inversions here\u2019s our guide).But, that \u201csmell of panic we experienced on Friday seems to have dissipated,\u201d said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, in a note to clients. Others would agree that a fire sale of stocks such as seen last week may have been hasty.A batch of data coming Tuesday might offer more clarity on where we are on that recession-o-meter.Onto our call of the day, from Adam Kobeissi, founder and editor in chief of The Kobeissi Newsletter, who advises investors to keep a wary eye on the S&P 500, which failed to hold the important 2,800 support level on Monday. And that could open the door to a sizable move lower for the index, he says.\u201cWe watch 2,760-2,785 as the next major technical level which will lead to a gap lower to 2,700 if broken. Overall, a 7-10% drop from today\u2019s close is highly likely for the S&P 500 and our subscribers have been alerted about this shorting opportunity,\u201d said Kobeissi, in comments to MarketWatch.He explains that Wall Street is no longer getting support from the two main drivers of equities since the lows of Christmas Eve\u2014hopes for a trade deal that have been \u201coverpriced\u201d into stocks and increasingly dovish Fed policy.\u201cAdditionally, and more importantly, the reason for a more dovish Fed is because of slowing global economic growth which means that the economic deterioration bearishness will significantly dominate the bullishness from less rate increases,\u201d he said.Here\u2019s his S&P chart showing how he thinks this will play out:Kobeissi says if things go the other way, and the market ends bucking his theory, investors should watch to make sure 2,815 holds as \u201cthat is the bears\u2019 strongest resistance level.\u201dChiming in elsewhere, Reformed Broker\u2019s Josh Brown wondered on his blog whether bulls got too excited and are now \u201ctrapped\u201d above that 2,815 level. He highlights a chart from BayCrest Partners Jonathan Krinsky, who said the fact that the S&P closed below the 2,815 so fast after breaking above it on March 15, and after five failed attempts, bodes badly in the short-term.Krinsky cited the phrase: \u2018from false moves comes fast moves in the opposite direction\u2019 adding: \u201cIf Bulls are able to quickly recover and get back above 2,815, that would be encouraging, but for now, the recent action should warrant some caution.\u201dRead: Guggenheim\u2019s Minerd says Fed won\u2019t be able to resist urge to raise rates in 2019So far, the S&P 500 SPX, -0.09%  is trucking along higher, along with the Dow DJIA, -0.02%  and Nasdaq COMP, -0.14%  . Read more in Market Snapshot.The dollar DXY, +0.10% is flat, gold US:GCU8 is weaker and crude US:CLU8 is little changed.Europe stocks SXXP, +0.51%  are moving up across the board. Asian equities were mixed, with the Nikkei NIK, -0.23%  rebounding 2% after Monday\u2019s drop, but the Shanghai Composite sliding 1.5%.Callum Thomas, founder of research firm Topdown Charts, provides our chart of the day, which he says reveals a \u201cbull market in pessimism.\u201dThe above chart comes after he tallied up what he was finding with regards to bearish views on equities versus bullish views on bonds.\u201cAs you can see, we\u2019re in uncharted territory here. Fear has taken over on the outlook (weaker PMIs, inverting yield curve, geopolitics, etc etc),\u201d he said, adding that it\u2019s \u201centirely possible that the \u2018bull market in pessimism\u2019 is overdone.\u201dSamsung 005930, +0.22%  fell in Korea after warning that its first-quarter results will miss forecasts thanks to weak semiconductor sales, though that hasn\u2019t seem to hit tech elsewhere. The company, which supplies chips for Apple AAPL, +0.98%  iPhones are calling it tech\u2019s inverted-yield curve and a warning of hard times to come.Opinion: Apple leaves a lot of questions about its subscription services unansweredA group of activist investors are targeting Bed Bath & Beyond BBBY, -2.19% with a bid to launch a proxy fight to replace the entire board of directors and get the retailer back on track. Those shares are flying high.Ride-hailing service Uber is buying Middle East rival Careem for $3.1 billion.Boeing BA, +0.09%  rival Airbus AIR, +0.33%  signed a multibillion-dollar deal with China.Lawyer Michael Avenatti tweeted early Tuesday that he \u201cnever attempted to extort Nike\u201d and the truth about the sport\u2019s retailers \u201ccrime and coverup\u201d will be revealed. Nike shares were put through the wringer Monday after a drama-filled day that ended up with arrest of the former Stormy Daniels\u2019 lawyer.In London, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May was handed another defeat via an amendment that let\u2019s Parliament to express its view on how Brexit should now unfold. The late-night Monday vote resulted in the exit of several lawmakers.Housing starts fell 9% in February and remain well under yea-ago levels, while Case-Shiller home prices and consumer confidence are still to come. We\u2019ll also hear from a handful of Fed speakers\u2014Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker and San Francisco Fed President Mary Daly later. Meanwhile, Boston Fed Pres. Eric Rosengren told a conference in Hong Kong that the central bank should consider buying Treasury bills in the next phase of its balance-sheet program.\u201cThe notion that you could gut the entire ACA [Affordable Care Act] and not wreak havoc on the lives of millions of people is insane. It is now part of the plumbing of the health-care system.\u201c\u2014That was University of Michigan law school professor Nicholas Bagley in comments on health services research blog The Incidental Economist after the Justice Dept. said in a legal filing Monday that it agrees with a Texas district court\u2019s ruling that the ACA, otherwise known as Obamcare, is unconstitutional. That massive overhaul of the U.S. health care system, became law in March 2010 under the Obama administration.$175 trillion\u2014That\u2019s the total value of global stocks and bonds outstanding, eight times higher than it was in 1990\u2014at $23 trillion, notes Bank of America Merrill Lynch in its \u201cThundering Word\u201d note to clients sent out Tuesday. Global assets, it says, are twice the size of the global economy.Storied mixed martial arts champ Conor McGregor says his fighting days are overNo breaks for Venezuela, suffering fresh blackoutsNASA suffers wardrobe failure, cancels all-female spacewalkFans underwhelmed by Mattel\u2019s MAT, -0.93%  BTS boy-band dolls take to social media:Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook.Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Why the S&P 500 needs to hold this key level or risk plunging 10%"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nanostring-technologies-announces-commencement-of-public-offering-of-common-stock-2019-03-18-161841857": {"date": "Mar 18, 2019 4:18 p.m. ET", "article": "SEATTLE, March 18, Mar 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SEATTLE, March 18, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NanoString Technologies, Inc. NSTG, +0.17% a provider of life science tools for translational research and molecular diagnostic products, today announced an underwritten public offering of 4,500,000 shares of its common stock pursuant to its shelf registration statement. NanoString intends to offer and sell, subject to market and other conditions, 2,500,000 shares of common stock, and Clarus Lifesciences II, L.P., a stockholder of NanoString, intends to offer and sell, subject to market and other conditions, 2,000,000 shares of common stock. In connection with this offering, NanoString expects to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 675,000 additional shares of common stock. NanoString intends to use the net proceeds of the offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. NanoString will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock by the selling stockholder.J.P. Morgan, UBS Investment Bank and Cowen are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. Baird is acting as lead manager for the offering.A shelf registration statement on Form S-3 relating to the common stock offered in the public offering described above was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 18, 2019 and automatically became effective upon filing. The offering will be made only by means of a written prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, when available, may also be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by phone at 1-866-803-9204, or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; from UBS Securities LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, 25th floor, New York, NY 10019, or by phone at 888-827-7275 or by email at ol-prospectus-request@ubs.com; or from Cowen and Company, LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY, 11717, Attn: Prospectus Department or by phone at 631-274-2806.This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities being offered, nor shall there be any sale of the securities being offered in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.Contact\nDouglas Farrell\nVice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications\ndfarrell@nanostring.com\nPhone: 206-602-1768(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "NanoString Technologies Announces Commencement of Public Offering of Common Stock"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-2019-03-14": {"date": "Mar 14, 2019 2:43 p.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 14, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal Dutch Shell plc (the 'Company') RDS.A, -0.59% RDS.B, -0.61% announces that on 14 March 2019 it purchased the following number of \"A\" Shares for cancellation.Aggregated information on \"A\" shares purchased according to trading venues:  These share purchases form part of the third tranche of the Company's existing share buy-back programme previously announced on July 26, 2018. The Company announced the third tranche of its share buyback programme on January 31, 2019.In respect of this programme, J.P. Morgan Securities plc will make trading decisions in relation to the Company's securities independently of the Company for a period from January 31, 2019 up to and including 29 April, 2019.Any such share purchases will be effected within certain pre-set parameters, and in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase shares, Chapter 12 of the Listing Rules and Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU dealing with buy-back programmes and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.In accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU, a full breakdown of the individual trades made by J.P. Morgan Securities plc on behalf of the Company as a part of the buy-back programme is detailed below.PDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/835959/14032019_Shell_RNS_JPM.pdfEnquiriesShell Media Relations  \nInternational, UK, European Press: +44 (0)207 934 5550Shell Investor Relations\nEurope: + 31 70 377 3996 \nUnited States: + 1 832 337 2034LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70   \nClassification: Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-300812734.htmlSOURCE Royal Dutch Shell plcCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Royal Dutch Shell plc: Transaction in Own Shares"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-2019-03-15": {"date": "Mar 15, 2019 2:58 p.m. ET", "article": "LONDON, March 15, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal Dutch Shell plc (the 'Company') RDS.A, -0.59% RDS.B, -0.60% announces that on 15 March 2019 it purchased the following number of \"A\" Shares for cancellation.Aggregated information on \"A\" shares purchased according to trading venues:These share purchases form part of the third tranche of the Company's existing share buy-back programme previously announced on July 26, 2018. The Company announced the third tranche of its share buyback programme on January 31, 2019.In respect of this programme, J.P. Morgan Securities plc will make trading decisions in relation to the Company's securities independently of the Company for a period from January 31, 2019 up to and including 29 April, 2019.Any such share purchases will be effected within certain pre-set parameters, and in accordance with the Company's general authority to repurchase shares, Chapter 12 of the Listing Rules and Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU dealing with buy-back programmes and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.In accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU, a full breakdown of the individual trades made by J.P. Morgan Securities plc on behalf of the Company as a part of the buy-back programme is detailed below.PDF: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/836507/15032019_Shell_RNS_JPM.pdfEnquiries\nShell Media Relations\nInternational, UK, European Press: +44(0)207-934-5550\nShell Investor Relations\nEurope: +31-70-377-3996 \nUnited States: +1-832-337-2034LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70\nClassification: Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-dutch-shell-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-300813337.htmlSOURCE Royal Dutch Shell plcCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Royal Dutch Shell plc: Transaction in Own Shares"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/trump-today-president-talks-economy-with-business-leaders-and-signs-order-on-campus-free-speech-2019-03-21": {"date": "Mar 21, 2019 4:29 p.m. ET", "article": "President Donald Trump discussed the economy with corporate leaders on Thursday, as he signed an executive order on education and tweeted that it\u2019s time for the U.S. to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights.BUSINESS ROUNDTABLE MEETINGIn a meeting closed to the media, Trump discussed economic and business issues at the Washington headquarters of the Business Roundtable, an association of chief executive officers of major U.S. corporations. The White House said participants included JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.47%   CEO Jamie Dimon, who is the association\u2019s chairman, and Home Depot Inc. HD, +0.45%   CEO Craig Menear. Dimon and Trump publicly sparred last year after the bank chief said he could beat the president in an election. Dimon later said he shouldn\u2019t have made the remarks.The Business Roundtable later released a statement calling on Congress to pass the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement \u2014 a top Trump priority \u2014 this year.Now read: Top U.S. CEOs say economic outlook weakened in first quarter.EDUCATION ORDERSaying universities are using so-called safe spaces to \u201crestrict free thought,\u201d Trump signed an executive order promoting freedom of speech on college campuses.He said $35 billion in federal research funding is at risk of being lost if public institutions don\u2019t comply with the First Amendment and private schools fail to live up to their own free-speech policies. \u201cIf a college or university does not allow you to speak, we will not give them money, it\u2019s very simple,\u201d Trump said in a signing ceremony in the East Room of the White House.GOLAN ANNOUNCEMENT AHEAD OF NETANYAHU VISITA few days ahead of a visit by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Trump tweeted, \u201cafter 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israel\u2019s Sovereignty over the Golan Heights, which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!\u201dThe Golan Heights were captured by Israel from Syria in 1967, and Netanyahu has pushed for the U.S. to recognize Israel\u2019s sovereignty over the area. The Israeli prime minister is facing a tough reelection on April 9. Both Netanyahu and his chief rival in the election, Benny Gantz, will speak at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee\u2019s policy conference in Washington next week. Netanyahu is scheduled to meet with Trump on Monday and Tuesday.Several declared Democratic presidential candidates say they won\u2019t attend the AIPAC conference.Now see: Here\u2019s how the pro-Israel lobby \u2014 criticized by Ilhan Omar \u2014 stacks up against other Washington influencers.Receive these updates via email. Sign up to get our daily summary of \"Everything President Trump did today.\" Sign up here.", "title": "Trump Today: President talks economy with business leaders and signs order on campus free speech"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/zoom-files-registration-statement-for-proposed-initial-public-offering-2019-03-22-141845446": {"date": "Mar 22, 2019 2:54 p.m. ET", "article": "SAN JOSE, Mar 22, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SAN JOSE, Calif., March 22, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (\"Zoom\") today announced that it has filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission relating to a proposed initial public offering of its Class A common stock. The number of shares to be offered and the price range for the proposed offering have not yet been determined. Zoom intends to list its Class A common stock on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol \"ZM.\"Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, and Credit Suisse will act as lead book-running managers for the proposed offering. BofA Merrill Lynch, RBC Capital Markets, and Wells Fargo Securities will be book-running managers, and JMP Securities, KeyBanc Capital Markets, Piper Jaffray, Stifel, and William Blair will act as co-managers for the proposed offering.The proposed offering will be made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus, when available, may be obtained from: Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at 866-803-9204, or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmorganchase.com; Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, by telephone at 1-866-471-2526, or by e-mail at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, Eleven Madison Avenue, 3rd floor, New York, NY 10010, by telephone at (800) 221-1037, or by email at usa.prospectus@credit-suisse.com.A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission but has not yet become effective. These securities may not be sold, nor may offers to buy be accepted, prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.About Zoom\nZoom helps businesses and organizations bring their teams together in a frictionless environment to get more done. Our easy, reliable cloud platform for video, voice, content sharing, and chat runs across mobile devices, desktops, telephones, and room systems.Press Relations\nPriscilla Barolo\nManager, Communications for Zoom\npress@zoom.usInvestor Relations\nTom McCallum\nHead of Investor Relations for Zoom\n(408) 675-6738\ninvestors@zoom.us(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Zoom Files Registration Statement for Proposed Initial Public Offering"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/rhino-resource-partners-lp-announces-fourth-quarter-2018-financial-and-operating-results-2019-03-13": {"date": "Mar 13, 2019 7:00 a.m. ET", "article": "LEXINGTON, KY, Mar 13, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- LEXINGTON, KY, March 13, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Rhino Resource Partners LP (otcqb:RHNO) (\"Rhino\" or the \"Partnership\") announced today its financial and operating results for the quarter ended December 31, 2018. For the quarter, the Partnership reported a net loss of $5.6 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $6.3 million, compared to a net loss of $18.7 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $6.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. Diluted net loss per common unit was $0.49 for the quarter compared to diluted net loss per common unit of $1.45 for the fourth quarter of 2017. Total revenues for the quarter were $64.7 million, with coal sales generating $63.9 million of the total, compared to total revenues of $55.8 million and coal revenues of $55.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. (Refer to \"Reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA\" included later in this release for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures).The Partnership continued the suspension of the cash distribution for its common units for the current quarter. No distributions have been declared for common or subordinated units for the quarter ended December 31, 2018.Rick Boone, President and Chief Executive Officer of Rhino's general partner, stated, \"During the fourth quarter, we saw rail service return to normal levels as the backlog that began early in 2018 seems to have finally been cleared, which contributed to increased sales year-over-year. We continue to experience cost pressures as escalating steel prices have increased our roof support costs as well as increases in fuel pricing, both of which affected our margins. For 2019, we are seeing coal prices remain steady based on recent trends and 2019 prices have improved across all our business segments for both met and thermal coal. We have over 90% of our 2019 coal production contracted at prices exceeding 2018 levels. In particular, met coal prices have improved both domestically and internationally. In addition, we have seen thermal coal pricing improve in our CAPP and NAPP segments year-over-year as well. We left a portion of our met coal production uncontracted in 2019 as we believe there will be opportunities to sell coal on the spot market for prices that could exceed our current contracted pricing levels.In Central Appalachia, approximately 82% of our full-year 2019 thermal and met coal production has been contracted at increased prices compared to this year. Our Pennyrile, Castle Valley and Hopedale operations are substantially sold out for 2019 at prices that are above our current year levels. In addition, we have executed long-term contracts with various utility customers for thermal coal for 2020 at both Pennyrile and Castle Valley.Providing a safe work environment and being responsible environmental stewards are core principles at Rhino. Our commitment to safety was recently recognized as our CAM Mining operating subsidiary in West Virginia received the \"Mountaineer Guardian Award\" from the West Virginia Coal Association in recognition of the significant accomplishments of our employees in the area of mine safety. We are proud of the employees that achieved this recognition and the safety-first culture they have shown as evidenced by this award.We expect continued strong market demand and increased year-over-year prices at all of our operations to provide positive financial results for 2019, which will bring value to our unitholders.\"Coal Operations UpdateCentral AppalachiaIllinois BasinRhino WesternNorthern AppalachiaCapital ExpendituresSales CommitmentsThe table below displays Rhino's committed coal sales for the periods indicated.Evaluating Financial ResultsRhino management uses a variety of non-GAAP financial measurements to analyze the Partnership's performance, including (1) Adjusted EBITDA, (2) coal revenues per ton and (3) cost of operations per ton.Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA represents net income before deducting interest expense, income taxes and depreciation, depletion and amortization, while also excluding certain non-cash and/or non-recurring items including provision for doubtful accounts. Adjusted EBITDA is used by management primarily as a measure of the operating performance of the Partnership's segments. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered an alternative to net income, income from operations, cash flows from operating activities or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Because not all companies calculate Adjusted EBITDA identically, the Partnership's calculation may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. (Refer to \"Reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA\" included later in this release for reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures).Coal Revenues Per Ton. Coal revenues per ton sold represents coal revenues divided by tons of coal sold. Coal revenues per ton is a key indicator of Rhino's effectiveness in obtaining favorable prices for the Partnership's product.Cost of Operations Per Ton. Cost of operations per ton sold represents the cost of operations (exclusive of depreciation, depletion and amortization) divided by tons of coal sold. Rhino management uses this measurement as a key indicator of the efficiency of operations.Overview of Financial ResultsResults for the three months ended December 31, 2018 included:Total coal revenues from continuing operations increased approximately 15.4% and coal revenues per ton increased approximately 9.5% primarily due to higher contracted prices for tons sold at our Central Appalachia and Northern Appalachia operations during the fourth quarter of 2018 compared to the same period in 2017. Total cost of production from continuing operations increased by 17.6% during the fourth quarter of 2018 primarily due to an increase of $11.2 million in total cost of operations in Central Appalachia, which was the result of increased demand for met and steam coal from this region. The Partnership also experienced increases in operating expenses such as diesel fuel and contract services.Results for the year ended December 31, 2018 included:Total coal revenues increased approximately 12.5% period-over-period primarily due to an increase in met and steam coal tons sold in Central Appalachia as the Partnership experienced increased demand for met and steam coal from this region during the period. Coal revenues per ton increased by 0.9% compared to the same period of 2017. Total cost of production increased by 19.7% primarily due to an increase of $33.5 million in total cost of operations at our Central Appalachia operations as demand for met and steam coal from this region increased during the year ended December 31, 2018. The Partnership also experienced increases in operating expenses such as diesel fuel, contract services and equipment maintenance during 2018.Segment InformationThe Partnership produces and markets coal from surface and underground mines in Kentucky, West Virginia, Ohio and Utah. For the quarter ended December 31, 2018, the Partnership had four reportable business segments: Central Appalachia, Northern Appalachia, Rhino Western and Illinois Basin. Additionally, the Partnership has an Other category that includes its ancillary businesses.* Percentages, totals and per ton amounts are calculated based on actual amounts and not the rounded amounts presented in this table.** The activities performed by Rhino's ancillary businesses do not directly relate to coal production. As a result, coal revenues per ton and costs of operations per ton are not presented for the Other category.Additional information for the Central Appalachia segment detailing the types of coal produced and sold, premium high-vol met coal and steam coal, is presented below. Note that the Partnership's Northern Appalachia, Rhino Western and Illinois Basin segments currently produce and sell only steam coal.* Percentages are calculated based on actual amounts and not the rounded amounts presented in this table.Fourth Quarter 2018 Financial and Operational Results Conference CallThe Partnership will not host a conference call this quarter. Any inquiries can be made to the Partnership's investor relations department.About Rhino Resource Partners LPRhino Resource Partners LP is a diversified energy limited partnership that is focused on coal and energy related assets and activities, including energy infrastructure investments. Rhino produces metallurgical and steam coal in a variety of basins throughout the United States. Additional information regarding Rhino is available on its web site - RhinoLP.com.Forward Looking StatementsExcept for historical information, statements made in this press release are \"forward-looking statements.\" All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release that address activities, events or developments that Rhino expects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements, including the statements and information included under the heading \"Coal Operations Update.\" These forward-looking statements are based on Rhino's current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on Rhino's business, operating results, financial condition and similar matters. While management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting Rhino will turn out as Rhino anticipates. Whether actual results and developments in the future will conform to expectations is subject to significant risks, uncertainties and assumptions, many of which are beyond Rhino's control or ability to predict. Therefore, actual results and developments could materially differ from Rhino's historical experience, present expectations and what is expressed, implied or forecast in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: Rhino's future levels of indebtedness, liquidity and compliance with debt covenants; volatility and recent declines in the price of Rhino's common units; decline in coal prices, which depend upon several factors such as the supply of domestic and foreign coal, the demand for domestic and foreign coal, governmental regulations, price and availability of alternative fuels for electricity generation and prevailing economic conditions; declines in demand for electricity and coal; current and future environmental laws and regulations, which could materially increase operating costs or limit Rhino's ability to produce and sell coal; extensive government regulation of mine operations, especially with respect to mine safety and health, which imposes significant actual and potential costs; difficulties in obtaining and/or renewing permits necessary for operations; the availability and prices of competing electricity generation fuels; a variety of operating risks, such as unfavorable geologic conditions, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, mining and processing equipment unavailability, failures and unexpected maintenance problems and accidents, including fire and explosions from methane; poor mining conditions resulting from the effects of prior mining; the availability and costs of key supplies and commodities such as steel, diesel fuel and explosives; fluctuations in transportation costs or disruptions in transportation services, which could increase competition or impair Rhino's ability to supply coal; a shortage of skilled labor, increased labor costs or work stoppages; Rhino's ability to secure or acquire new or replacement high-quality coal reserves that are economically recoverable; material inaccuracies in Rhino's estimates of coal reserves and non-reserve coal deposits; existing and future laws and regulations regulating the emission of sulfur dioxide and other compounds, which could affect coal consumers and reduce demand for coal; federal and state laws restricting the emissions of greenhouse gases; Rhino's ability to acquire or failure to maintain, obtain or renew surety bonds used to secure obligations to reclaim mined property; Rhino's dependence on a few customers and its ability to find and retain customers under favorable supply contracts; changes in consumption patterns by utilities away from the use of coal, such as changes resulting from low natural gas prices; changes in governmental regulation of the electric utility industry; defects in title in properties that Rhino owns or losses of any of its leasehold interests; Rhino's ability to retain and attract senior management and other key personnel; material inaccuracy of assumptions underlying reclamation and mine closure obligations; and weakness in global economic conditions.Other factors that could cause Rhino's actual results to differ from its projected results are described in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K.Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Rhino undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law.\n###Reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDAThe following tables present reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures for each of the periods indicated (note:DD&A refers to depreciation)(note:depletion and amortization).*Totals may not foot due to rounding(1) During the three months ended and the year ended December 31, 2018, we recorded provisions for doubtful accounts of approximately $0.6 million and $0.9 million, respectively, which primarily related to a small number of customers in Central Appalachia.(2) During the year ended December 31, 2017, we recorded asset impairment charges of $22.6 million, including an $0.8 million impairment on land that we own in Mesa County, Colorado and a $21.8 million impairment charge related to the call option received from a third party to acquire substantially of the outstanding common stock of Armstrong Energy, Inc.(3) During the three months ended and the year ended December 31, 2018, the gain recognized from the sales of our TUSK stock was impacted by the adoption of ASU 2016-01, which resulted in $3.7 million of economic benefit being reclassified to equity from Other Comprehensive Income instead of being recognized in net income.\n\n(4) On November 7, 2017, we closed an agreement with a third party to transfer 100% of the membership interests and related assets and liabilities in Sands Hill Mining LLC as discussed earlier. We recognized a non-cash gain of $3.2 million from the sale of Sands Hill Mining LLC since the third party assumed the reclamation obligations associated with this operation.We believe that the isolation and presentation of these specific items to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA is useful because it enhances investors' understanding of how we assess the performance of our business. We believe the adjustment of these items provides investors with additional information that they can utilize in evaluating our performance. Additionally, we believe the isolation of these items provides investors with enhanced comparability to prior and future periods of our operating results.News Release\nInvestor Contact:\nScott Morris\n+1 859.519.3622\nsmorris@rhinolp.com(C) Copyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.", "title": "Rhino Resource Partners LP Announces Fourth Quarter 2018 Financial and Operating Results"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/axiom-exergy-announces-grid-services---a-new-revenue-stream-for-portfolios-of-grocery-stores-and-cold-storage-facilities-2019-03-19": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 6:00 a.m. ET", "article": "RICHMOND, Calif., March 19, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Continuing its efforts to generate additional benefits for grocery stores and cold storage facilities, Axiom Exergy is working with Leap to unlock grid services revenue for its customers, including three Whole Foods Market facilities in Northern California.Axiom now uses its Refrigeration Battery platform to provide two major services - Energy Bill Management and Grid Services - to its customers simultaneously. The Refrigeration Battery platform enables real-time control of a grocery store's power consumption using an advanced cloud platform, predictive analytics, and a thermal energy storage retrofit.The Refrigeration Battery platform actively manages the grocery store's power consumption by intelligently modulating its refrigeration systems. It intelligently charges by freezing tanks of salt water when power demand and utility rates are low - then it autonomously discharges the cooling to offset refrigeration consumption when electricity demand and prices are high, lowering the customer's utility bills.During peak hours when demand for energy is high and the grid is stressed, grid operators in California and many other markets also provide direct financial incentives to reduce power consumption in order to balance the grid. Axiom's new Grid Services application enables its customers to tap into these direct financial incentives for the first time. Grid services participation requires no additional work from the customer, and revenue reports are accessible through the customer web portal.\"We are pleased to expand our use of innovative platforms like Axiom Exergy's to unlock new value streams and increase sustainability in our stores,\" said Tristam Coffin, Director of Sustainability & Facilities at Whole Foods Market. \"After a previous successful installation, we are happy to continue partnering with Axiom to implement more cutting-edge power management strategies.\"To make grid service participation possible, Axiom is working with energy technology company Leap, which serves as an aggregator of flexible loads to the California Demand Response Auction Mechanism (DRAM) market. Alongside Axiom, Leap works with other flexible loads like EV chargers, battery storage systems, and smart thermostats to form a virtual power plant. Utilities pay Leap's virtual power plant to reduce load on demand, and Leap then compensates its load providers for their participation. As a load provider, Axiom receives signals from Leap's Distributed Energy eXchange (DEX) API, bids flexible capacity into the market on an hourly basis based on available capacity, and delivers load reductions by modulating its customers' thermal systems accordingly.\"We are always looking for new, innovative partners who can provide flexible loads on our platform,\" said Thomas Folker, CEO of Leap. \"Given that commercial and industrial customers spend 28% of their electricity on thermal services, we're thrilled to partner with Axiom who can unlock these loads and make them dispatchable for the first time.\"The addition of grid services follows Axiom Exergy's Series A funding, which included new investments from Shell Ventures and Evergy Ventures (formerly GXP Investments). The news also follows multiple successful deployments of the Refrigeration Battery platform for major grocery retailers, each of which can autonomously reduce a store's peak load by up to 160 kW for 8 hours without any changes to staff behavior or daily operations.\"With so many grocery stores and cold storage facilities operating on razor-thin margins, we are thrilled to offer a service that creates a low-risk and logical revenue stream,\" said Amrit Robbins, CEO and co-founder of Axiom Exergy. \"Sixty to seventy percent of a typical grocery store's electricity bill is driven by power, or WHEN energy is consumed. With this robust platform, we can leverage our customers' existing thermal systems to reduce their utility bills, unlock new grid services revenue streams, and protect against expensive food spoilage during power outages throughout their portfolio of buildings.\"About Axiom ExergyAxiom Exergy provides active power management services to portfolios of commercial and industrial buildings with large thermal loads. Its cloud-based platform uses predictive analytics and optional thermal energy storage capacity to intelligently \"shape\" a customer's load profile by modulating refrigeration, cooling, and/or heating systems. With unique expertise in thermal systems, power grid dynamics, building power management, machine learning, and computational thermal modeling, Axiom provides the first turnkey power management platform that generates meaningful value for customers with large thermal loads. Axiom Exergy also offers fully-financed power management \"as-a-service\" so that its customers can receive the benefits with no up-front cost. www.axiomexergy.comAbout LeapLeap provides a marketplace for grid services that allows every connected device to help balance the grid, regardless of capacity, availability or location, with one simple integration.Leap is based in San Francisco and backed by well known energy investors. They were recently awarded a significant contract with the two largest utilities in California, enabling them to kickstart their marketplace. The company was founded by Thomas Folker and Remco van den Elzen, experienced entrepreneurs with track records in energy and tech.CONTACT:\nTechnica Communications\nTyler Allen\n225-205-8107\ntyler@technicacommunications.com View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/axiom-exergy-announces-grid-services---a-new-revenue-stream-for-portfolios-of-grocery-stores-and-cold-storage-facilities-300814422.htmlSOURCE Axiom ExergyCopyright (C) 2019 PR Newswire. All rights reserved", "title": "Axiom Exergy Announces Grid Services - a New Revenue Stream for Portfolios of Grocery Stores and Cold Storage Facilities"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nvidia-bags-amazon-web-services-in-its-latest-data-center-chip-push-2019-03-18": {"date": "Mar 19, 2019 6:55 a.m. ET", "article": "Nvidia Corp. attempted to show progress for its newest chips Monday, as Chief Executive Jensen Huang kicked off the company\u2019s annual hometown conference.At the keynote address of the 2019 GTC Conference in San Jose, Calif., Huang detailed new developments for the Turing-based equipment that Nvidia NVDA, -0.85%  has rolled out in the past year. Most important was Nvidia\u2019s announcement that Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.40%  will now be using its T4 data-center chips, the biggest name that had not yet publicly signed on with Nvidia.The Santa Clara, Calif.,-based chip maker said its T4 Tensor Core graphics processing units, or GPUs, would be deployed to Amazon Web Services through Elastic Compute Cloud G4 in the coming weeks. While other public cloud services have been chipping away at market share over the past few years, Amazon\u2019s AWS still ranks as a global market-share leader in public cloud services.\u201cIf you want to reach a lot of people, and you want to reach a lot of people fast, with the single largest compute engine on the planet, there\u2019s one way of doing it,\u201d Huang said in announcing the AWS deal as the keynote address stretched past two hours long.Back in September, Nvidia announced that Alphabet Inc.\u2019s GOOG, -0.64% GOOGL, -0.60%  Google Cloud Platform would use T4 chips in its data centers. In addition to Google, Ian Buck, Nvidia\u2019s general manager of accelerated computing, said in a briefing that Baidu Inc. BIDU, -0.62%   had adopted T4 chips for its data centers, and that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. BABA, -0.20%  also planned to announce adoption of T4 chips, with the last notable holdout being Microsoft Corp.\u2019s MSFT, -0.38%  Azure cloud service.Nvidia has been seeking to pull out of a rough ending to 2018, when the company cut its outlook twice for the year\u2019s final quarter because of weakness in China sales and in data-center and gaming sales. Part of the issue has been slow adoption of the company\u2019s newest Turing chips, and Monday\u2019s keynote was used to lay out more plans and adoption of the new equipment.Nvidia also announced that more game companies were adopting real-time ray tracing, the most important advancement in the new Turing gaming chips, which was also tied to another conference happening an hour north \u2014 the annual Game Developers Conference in San Francisco. Nvidia said that Unreal Engine and Unity \u2014 two of the most popular gaming engines, which are important hubs for designers \u2014 had adopted real-time ray tracing.Nvidia also announced a new partnership with Toyota Motor Corp. TM, -0.62%  for its autonomous-driving offerings, with Huang calling it \u201can end-to-end\u201d deal that would include hardware, testing and more.Earlier in the month, Nvidia announced its largest acquisition ever, using nearly all the cash the company has on hand in a $6.9 billion bid for Mellanox Technologies Inc. MLNX, -0.25%  . Nvidia\u2019s Huang said the move was to double down on the company\u2019s bet on data centers, which makes up 31% of its sales, according to the company\u2019s most recent quarter. That\u2019s up from 21% of sales in the year-ago quarter.Nvidia shares were up 1.2% in premarket trade Tuesday. The PHLX Semiconductor SOX, -0.98% was not yet active. S&P 500 index SPX, -0.14%  futures were up 0.3%.Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Tech Daily newsletter. Sign up here.", "title": "Nvidia bags Amazon Web Services in its latest data-center chip push"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/three-consumer-staples-stocks-to-sell-and-three-to-buy-in-their-place-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 5:09 a.m. ET", "article": "There is a lot to be said for a buy-and-hold strategy. From tax-efficient capital gains to lower trading costs, to the general notion that markets always grind higher when your time horizon is years instead of months, it\u2019s hard to argue that a long-term strategy can harm you.Unless you\u2019re holding a handpicked portfolio of terrible stocks.Some investors foolishly believe that if you simply buy a stable consumer stock, you\u2019re guaranteed gains if you\u2019re patient enough. Not only does this not take into account the profits left on the table from underperformance, it also ignores the notion that some stocks do indeed go down \u2014 even if they are theoretically low-risk staples stocks.Here are three consumer-staples stocks that seem to be solid on the surface, but in fact have a terrible track record and bleak prospects. And to replace them, here are three better-positioned staples plays to consider instead.Many investors have long relied on Coca-Cola Company KO, -0.02% to provide a strong foundation for their portfolio. After all, the shares are powered by some of the biggest consumer brands on the planet and nearly 10% of them are owned by Berkshire Hathaway BRK.B, -0.05% BRK.A, +0.02%  under the guidance of iconic CEO Warren Buffett. Seems pretty bulletproof, right?Well, not lately. Coca-Cola has seen its revenue steadily decay over the past five years, from $46 billion in 2014 to projections of under $35 billion for fiscal 2019. Unsurprisingly, the stock has also been a letdown with a return of just 17% over the past five years while the S&P 500 SPX, +0.01%  is up more than 50% in the same period.In 2019, things are looking particularly rocky. While the S&P 500 has rallied more than 10% from its December lows, Coca-Cola stock has actually drifted slightly lower. Despite this softness, it trades for a relatively rich price-to-earnings ratio of more than 20.And perhaps worst of all, Buffett warned last year that Coca-Cola\u2019s brand was \u201ckind of lost out there\u201d amid changing consumer tastes. As processed foods and sugary soft drinks are increasingly being replaced by fresher and healthier options, it\u2019s tough to imagine Coke breaking out of its funk anytime soon.Speaking of changing tastes, Monster Beverage Corp. MNST, +0.07%  is the poster child for how the marketplace has shifted away from entrenched players like Coke. The energy-drink giant is a force that keeps getting bigger as this market expands and the traditional soda market contracts, presenting an edgier brand that connects with consumers. And beyond energy drinks, Monster boasts plenty of more healthful offerings such as Hansen\u2019s juices and craft sodas that use natural ingredients.The result is a much different five-year trajectory, with revenue surging from just under $2.5 billion in 2014 to a projected $4.2 billion this fiscal year if current forecasts of more than 10% top-line expansion hold. Furthermore, Monster\u2019s stock has exploded 160% over the past five years to more than triple the return of the S&P 500 in the same period \u2014 including a gain of more than 20% in 2019.If that is not enough for you, consider that none other than Coca-Cola has been getting awfully cozy with Monster in recent years, taking a roughly 17% stake in the company in 2014. Recently there has been some tension, including Monster delaying planned drink launches because of competitive concerns tied to this strategic partnership. But some analysts believe this hints at the increasing logic behind an all-out acquisition \u2014 which would deliver an instant pop to Monster shares, and leave you right where you started with Coke shares after the deal!Another Buffett-endorsed staples stock that may not be as safe as it once was is Kraft Heinz KHC, -0.55% The stock is down an ugly 50% in the past 12 months, including a big lurch of more than 30% over the past month thanks to the triple whammy of an earnings miss, a dividend cut and an SEC investigation.All this would be bad enough, but a poor earnings report in November 2018 that sent shares down by 8% in a single session hints that this is a persistent trend.Adding insult to injury, S&P Global Ratings just put Kraft Heinz KHC, -0.55% on junk-bond watch, warning it could face a downgrade because of problems with financial filings and an ever-increasing debt load that was over $30 billion at the end of 2018 \u2014 up significantly from the $25 billion logged at the end of 2018 after the initial debt load from the Kraft-Heinz mega-merger.With top-line revenue stagnant as Kraft Heinz KHC, -0.55% struggles to connect with new customers, rising rates driving up the cost of borrowing and investors just plain giving up on the stock, there is pretty much no reason to keep holding this dud in 2019.While perhaps not the heavyweight that is Kraft Heinz, Post Holdings POST, +0.10% is a much different story for investors \u2014 and it shows in the share price performance. Instead of being formed via debt-binging merger, Post was spun out of larger grains and staples company Ralcorp in 2012. This created a more streamlined business focused on popular cereals such as Fruity Pebbles, as well as other grocery staples.This notion of streamlining and focusing operations has continued as Post recently announced plans to spin off its Active Nutrition business in an IPO, taking protein bars and healthy juices out of the stable.Admittedly, revenue hasn\u2019t been burning down the house. But earnings per share are expected to increase 22% this fiscal year and another 19% or so in fiscal 2020 if forecasts hold.Income investors may not be thrilled by the lack of a dividend from this $7 billion staples company. However, with scorching EPS growth that will may $5 per share at the end of this year, it is a pretty safe bet that Post will consider delivering a piece of its profits back to shareholders in the very near future after the dust is settled.The shares have roughly doubled in the past year, trouncing the 50% return for the S&P 500 in the same period, and are outperforming the brisk run for stocks in 2019 with a return of 16%. That proves that staples stocks don\u2019t have to be boring, and investors don\u2019t have to settle for the steady drift lower in Kraft Heinz.It may be tempting to bank on any old organics food player, given the tailwind for the industry. But the big push for these products is already behind us, as evidenced by the preponderance of \u201cprivate label\u201d products at your local grocer that purport to be gluten-free or organic; everyone has gotten in on the act, and not everyone can win the shelf space.That is the basic story for SunOpta STKL, -0.28% but there is a bit more drama than that to make it even less pleasant. David Colo was terminated as CEO after only about a year on the job, but clearly, the problems have persisted for some time as SunOpta stock peaked at around $14 at the end of 2014 and has only traded north of $10 for a handful of sessions since then. Earnings released a few weeks ago around the time of the CEO shake-up weren\u2019t ideal and missed expectations. But Wall Street seemed equally dismayed by what appeared to be a rather chaotic management situation.There is no reason to hang on to SunOpta just because you think organics are a nifty investment theme. Plenty of other companies are cashing in on this trend, without the C-suite headaches. Shares have bounced back from their recent lows, but are still down about 50% in the past 12 months. Take this as an opportunity to get out while the getting is good.A better example of a company thriving amid changing consumer tastes is Danone SA DANOY, -0.95% the Paris-based global-foods giant. While smaller and more specialized organics players were seeing big growth a few years ago, the reality is that smart multinationals like Danone have snapped up some attractive assets and are using their might to cash in on the healthier foods trend in a big way.Case in point, Danone bought health-foods maker WhiteWave in 2017 and has made big inroads thanks to that brand\u2019s Silk plant-based milk substitutes and its Horizon organics milk products. Chances are you\u2019ve seen these items everywhere.Danone also offers organic and non-GMO produce and prepared foods under its Earthbound Farms brands, and has fully embraced sustainability with its Manifesto Ventures group that looks to mentor, support and (of course) invest in smaller companies that are more aligned with healthy foods. Danone said in its 2018 annual report that 20% of its net sales came from items under its Manifesto group umbrella, which bodes well for the future.Consumer tastes may have changed in the past decade or so, but this suite of products has helped Danone keep up. The shares have been stagnant in the past year, but have jumped 12% year-to-date on increased optimism. There is also a dividend of 2.8% to boot.In 2018, the company posted almost 13% in currency-adjusted earnings growth, and investors can have confidence more good things are ahead for this global-foods giant.", "title": "Opinion: Three consumer-staples stocks to sell \u2014 and three to buy in their place"}, "http://www.marketwatch.com/story/marsh-mclennan-companies-announces-pricing-of-250-million-senior-notes-offering-2019-03-20": {"date": "Mar 20, 2019 4:48 p.m. ET", "article": "Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (the \u201cCompany\u201d) announced today that it has priced $250 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.375% Senior Notes due 2029 (the \u201cNotes\u201d). The Notes constitute a further issuance of the 4.375% Senior Notes due 2029, of which $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount was issued on January 15, 2019. After giving effect to the issuance of the Notes, the Company will have $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.375% Senior Notes due 2029 outstanding. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Notes offering, together with the net proceeds from its recent $5.0 billion senior notes offering and its recently priced \u20ac1.1 billion senior notes offering, to fund, in part, the acquisition (\u201cAcquisition\u201d) of Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc (\u201cJLT\u201d), including the payment of related fees and expenses, and to repay certain JLT indebtedness, as well as for general corporate purposes. The Acquisition is expected to be completed in the spring of 2019, subject to regulatory and UK High Court approvals. The closing of the Notes offering is not contingent on the closing of the Acquisition or the recently priced \u20ac1.1 billion senior notes offering and is expected to occur on March 27, 2019, subject to certain customary conditions. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the Notes offering. ANZ Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Drexel Hamilton, LLC, GC Securities, a division of MMC Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, PNC Capital Markets LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., TD Securities (USA) LLC, The Williams Capital Group, L.P. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. are acting as co-managers for the Notes offering.An effective shelf registration statement related to the Notes has previously been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the \u201cSEC\u201d). The offering and sale of the Notes are being made by means of a prospectus supplement and an accompanying base prospectus related to the offering. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus supplement and the base prospectus for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR or the SEC website at www.sec.gov; alternatively, copies may be obtained from: (i) Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, telephone: 1-866-471-2526, facsimile: 1-212-902-9316 or by emailing prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com, (ii) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY11717, telephone: 1-800-831-9146 or by emailing prospectus@citi.com, (iii) Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attn: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, telephone: 1-800-503-4611 or by emailing prospectus.CPDG@db.com, (iv) HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Attn: TMG Americas, 452 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10018, telephone: 1-866-811-8049 and (v) Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd floor, Charlotte, NC 28255, telephone: 1-800-294-1322 or by emailing dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor does it constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful.About Marsh & McLennan CompaniesMarsh & McLennan MMC, +0.12% is the world\u2019s leading professional services firm in the areas of risk, strategy and people. The company\u2019s over 65,000 colleagues advise clients in over 130 countries. With annual revenue of $15 billion, Marsh & McLennan helps clients navigate an increasingly dynamic and complex environment through four market-leading firms. Marsh advises individual and commercial clients of all sizes on insurance broking and innovative risk management solutions. Guy Carpenter develops advanced risk, reinsurance and capital strategies that help clients grow profitably and pursue emerging opportunities. Mercer delivers advice and technology-driven solutions that help organizations meet the health, wealth and career needs of a changing workforce. Oliver Wyman serves as a critical strategic, economic and brand advisor to private sector and governmental clients.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190320005807/en/SOURCE: Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.MEDIA:\nErick Gustafson\nMarsh & McLennan Companies\n+1 202 263 7788\nerick.gustafson@mmc.comINVESTOR:\nSarah DeWitt\nMarsh & McLennan Companies\n+1 212 345 6750\nsarah.dewitt@mmc.comCopyright Business Wire 2019", "title": "Marsh & McLennan Companies Announces Pricing of $250 Million Senior Notes Offering"}}